Don’t allow yourself to be deceived by the likes of Jihad Al-‘Ayesh.
Preorder The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS
In my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS , I detail many instances in which Muslims did exactly that
The twelfth-century Muslim historian Ibn Baydhaq detailed how the Almohads treated the Jews as they advanced
I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC.
“I don’t regard Louis Farrakhan as an aberration or anything, I regard him as an outstanding human being who commands a following of individuals who are learned and articulate and he plays a big role in the lives of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people,” he emphasized later.
I completely agree
fully support
Some of these norms, Schneider told LifeSiteNews, give “implicit approval” of divorce and of sexual activity outside a valid marriage
John Hancock, the first signer of the Declaration of Independence, said
Act bravely, my brethren; take courage and trust in the Lord
I’ve looked at all those tweets and they don’t amount to anything
In his tweets, Trump also quoted criticism of the investigation from Alan Dershowitz, a Harvard Law School professor who frequently defends Trump on television.
In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, Dershowitz said he does not believe Sessions has the authority to end the probe.
“You can’t be both recused and making decisions about the investigation,” he said
Stütz also quotes in the article itself Father Franz Harant, “a pastoral worker in the field of marriage and the family” at the Ursulinenkirche in Linz.
Harant himself shows himself a supporter of blessings for homosexual couples, and he makes here an explicit reference to Amoris Laetitia.
He sees himself in this in union with Pope Francis who himself says in his magisterial document Amoris Laetitia that “each person, independent of his sexual orientation, is to be respected in his dignity and welcomed with respect.
EU no longer considers #Hamas a terrorist group.
Time for US to do same
This is a clear violation of the Senate Ethics rules which safeguard against the appearance or actuality of elected officials ‘cashing in’ on their official position for political purposes,” said Kendra Arnold, executive director of FACT
I can tell you that while neither notes nor memories are infallible, in a contest between contemporaneous notes and later verbal testimony about those notes, the content of the written notes usually prevails
He is failing in his leadership and we should not welcome him here.
We must be vigorous in our intolerance of his intolerance
I worked for the Guardian for a number of years, and know well the layers of checks that any highly sensitive story has to go through before publication.
In that lengthy process, a variety of commissioning editors, lawyers, backbench editors and the editor herself, Kath Viner, would normally insist on cuts to anything that could not be rigorously defended and corroborated
He has a great, steadfast commitment to justice
researchers say it will have very little effect on the overall global warming trend that mankind has created for itself.
For the entire time we have known Brett Kavanaugh, he has behaved honorably and treated women with respect
Pope Francis explains this again in AL 305 when he says “a small step, in the midst of great human limitations, can be more pleasing to God than a life which appears outwardly in order
I have read the Cardinal's exposition in both Italian and English, and I only find mention of the help of the sacraments in certain cases.
Bradley McVay, DOS interim general counsel, asked attorneys in Florida to investigate the conflicting dates.
“Altering a form in a manner that provides the incorrect date for a voter to cure a defect … imposes a burden on the voter significant enough to frustrate the voter’s ability to vote,” McVay wrote in a letter, sent on Nov. 9 and publicly released on Tuesday
As the political scientist Richard Neustadt said, political elites are constantly evaluating and re-evaluating the president
citing church teaching through the centuries.
The Catechism of the Catholic Church teaches that “under no circumstances” can homosexual activity “be approved” as it is “intrinsically disordered.” Such acts are “contrary to the natural law.
They close the sexual act to the gift of life.
They do not proceed from a genuine affective and sexual complementarity” (CCC 2357).
Jesus said the truth will make us free.
Nowhere did he suggest it will make us comfortable.”
I document this abundantly in my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS
Sharaf ad-Din Ali Yazdi, a fifteenth-century Persian who wrote a biography of the Mongol Muslim warrior Tamerlane, observed that “the Qur’an says the highest dignity man can attain is that of making war in person against the enemies of his religion
Muhammad advises the same thing, according to the tradition of the Muslim doctors
Fatimid caliph Al-Amir bi-Ahkamillah issued this edict:
Now, the prior degradation of the infidels in this world before the life to come—where it is their lot—is considered an act of piety; and the imposition of their poll tax [jizya], “until they pay the tribute out of hand and have been humbled” (Koran 9:29) is a divinely ordained obligation….The dhimmi’s payment of his dues by a bill drawn on a Muslim, or by delegating a real believer to pay it in his name will not be tolerated.
It must be exacted from him directly in order to vilify and humiliate him, so that Islam and its people may be exalted and the race of infidels brought low.
The jizya is to be imposed on all of them in full, without exception
the Umayyad caliph Umar ibn Abd al-Aziz sent out a message to the governors of the various Islamic provinces:
O you who believe!
The non-Muslims are nothing but dirt.
Allah has created them to be partisans of Satan; most treacherous in regard to all they do; whose whole endeavor in this nether life is useless, though they themselves imagine that they are doing fine work.
Upon them rests the curse of Allah, of the Angels and of man collectively
A team of experts have warned that huge seismic events, including volcanic eruptions, plunging global temperatures and destabilization of the Earth’s crust will become more common after worrying changes to the surface of the Sun were recorded.
he was told by authorities that his speaking at Hyde Park could cause violence and disrupt community cohesion
That’s just what they claimed about Pamela Geller and me: that our visit could cause violence and disrupt community cohesion
Pompeo reiterated his confidence that the Saudi government would conduct a “thorough, complete, and transparent investigation,” adding that they will “show the entire world” the results.
they should be full of people saying that we are with you
in accordance with Article 81 of John Paul II’s Universi Dominici Gregis, which provides:
The Cardinal electors shall further abstain from any form of pact, agreement, promise or other commitment of any kind which could oblige them to give or deny their vote to a person or persons.
If this were in fact done, even under oath, I decree that such a commitment shall be null and void and that no one shall be bound to observe it; and I hereby impose the penalty of excommunication latae sententiae upon those who violate this prohibition
To quote Cajetan on this point (citations taken from the linked article by Robert Siscoe), deposition by an imperfect council is appropriate “when one or more Popes suffer uncertainty with regard to their election, as seems to have arisen in the schism of Urban VI and others.
Then, lest the Church be perplexed, those members of the Church who are available have the power to judge which is the true pope, if it can be known, and if it cannot be known, [it has] the power to provide that the electors agree on one or another of them
To quote Cajetan again: “Indeed the Church has the right to separate herself from an heretical pope according to divine law.
Consequently, it has the right, by the same divine law, to use all means of themselves necessary for such separation; and those that juridically correspond to the crime, are of themselves necessary”—meaning the resort to an imperfect council
And whether or not it ultimately defeats the nominee it will, I think, help people understand why it’s so important that they vote
I am the pope, I do not need to give reasons for any of my decisions.
I have decided that they have to leave and they have to leave.”
We are simply asked to take the pope’s word for it
Privacy advocates must fight
The Senate must vote
This isn’t a radical departure for CIA,” Greenwald added.
“After all, Haspel did this under George Tenet.
At the time, John Brennan – who became Obama’s CIA director – was an advocate of rendition & other torture methods.
And Pompeo was fine with black sites.
Still notable: she’s an actual torturer
I regard him as an outstanding human being who commands a following of individuals who are learned and articulate and he plays a big role in the lives of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people,”
Conservative Ben Shapiro told Fox news the verdict was “horrifying
For Jeff Sessions San Francisco’s sanctuary city policy “led to the preventable and heartbreaking death of Kate Steinle
According to the Attorney General’s statement, the Justice Department “will continue to ensure that all jurisdictions place the safety and security of their communities above the convenience of criminal aliens
the cardinal
the Sacraments have to be celebrated the way Christ Himself willed it when he instituted them.
according to a Breitbart report by Allum Bokhari
Assange never met Manafort.
The DNC emails were downloaded by an insider.
Assange never even considered fleeing to Russia.
Those are the facts, and I am in a position to give you a personal assurance of them
I can also assure you that Luke Harding, the Guardian, Washington Post and New York Times have been publishing a stream of deliberate lies, in collusion with the security services
"The document is very good and completely explains the meaning of chapter VIII of Amoris Laetitia.
There are no other interpretations."
I can tell you 100% this is not that kind of guy
I think he's an extraordinary man – I think he's a man of great intellect, as I've been telling you, and he has an unblemished record
I don't doubt it.
T
Laura Loomer proves that authorities have directly lied to the American people
According to Loomer, she obtained the image from a source which shows that Paddock’s car first arrived September 25th.
Refugees Are Actually "Muslim Invaders"
they “don’t want” immigration.
Christian and Muslim societies “will never unite.”
issued a statement affirming that he has known Viganò for 39 years, has “always known and respected him as a man of truthfulness, faith and integrity” and that his testimony should “be taken seriously by all
Bishop Athanasius Schneider declares: “Archbishop Viganò confirmed his statement by a sacred oath invoking the name of God.
There is, therefore, no reasonable and plausible cause to doubt the truth content of the document of Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò
Cardinal Raymond Burke’s statement declares: “The declarations made by a prelate of the authority of Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò must be totally taken to heart by those responsible in the Church
As Edward Pentin notes: “all 3 prelates have since been special advisors of Francis or rehabilitated by him
Monsignor Jean-François Lantheaume, who served as first Counsellor of the Nunciature in Washington, confirmed that “Viganò said the truth.
That’s all
issued a statement calling Viganò’s account “another daunting challenge to our confidence in the reliability of the Church’s leadership, during a summer of devastating news regarding clergy sexual abuse and infidelity
Archbishop Salvatore Cordileone of San Francisco wrote a letter to his faithful which "speaks to Vigano's integrity and sincere love of the Church
Janet Smith, Professor of Moral Theology at the Sacred Heart Major Seminary in Detroit, recently wrote: “The problem of clergy abuse cannot be resolved simply by the resignation of some bishops, and even less so by bureaucratic directives.
The deeper problem lies in homosexual networks within the clergy which must be eradicated
As Faggioli puts it: “In the last fifteen years, the American Catholic Church has been traversed by a radicalization of religious conservatism in the neo-traditionalism sense, especially in the younger generations of priests and intellectuals.
They interpret the current abuse crisis as fruit of the mistakes of the Council itself and not only of the post-Council
Take it seriously, but with a large grain of salt
Homosexuality in the clergy exists and is a matter that must be addressed
the Attorney General of the United States should step in and put an end to Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s long-running Russia probe
Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now
I believe her because she is telling the truth and you know it by her story
Francis made it clear that the Argentine bishops’ interpretation of AL allowing public adulterers to receive Holy Communion “explains precisely the meaning of Chapter VIII of ‘Amoris Laetitia.’ There are no other interpretations.”
Isaiah says that such people draw unto them God's punishment, with thick cords!
the man considered to be the country’s largest arms dealer
the arms trafficking operation had been dismantled with Barbieri’s arrest.
The information was sent on Nov. 9 by Bradley McVay, DOS’ interim general counsel, who asked that the altered dates be investigated.
“Altering a form in a manner that provides the incorrect date for a voter to cure a defect … imposes a burden on the voter significant enough to frustrate the voter’s ability to vote,” McVay wrote in a letter that was sent Nov. 9 and released publicly on Tuesday
Carlson cited Dr. Robert Epstein, a social scientist and an expert on Google, who has said, in Carlson’s words, “Google alone could determine the outcome of almost any election just by altering its search selections and we would never know it
I fully believe IG Horowitz’ findings
This is nothing more than a last-minute attempt at character assassination, and there should no delay in confirming Judge Kavanaugh
For a more detailed analysis of motive, read FFF’s ebook
See my book The Kennedy Autopsy.)
I do have the right to compose this schema because if anything concerns Christian Unity it is religious liberty, and I am the President of the Secretariat for Promoting Christian Unity.”
and I highly recommend the Wired article, which is quite lengthy and has lots of information
