a very real threat
However, he said any Jewish students thinking of being involved in student politics or activism “will have encounters that are profoundly disturbing and unpleasant
a beautiful common voice defending the sanctity and the indissolubility of marriage in the midst of a real neo-pagan society where divorce has become a plague and where sexual depravity is increasingly spreading.”
threatened
kill
ripping my organs out
hang my 3-year-old and 1-year-old and kidnap my 14-year-old
and issue an official ban on Donald Trump from entering the UK on the grounds he is condoning fascism and his presence is ‘not conducive to the public good’,
Islam] is a religion and is a belief system that mandates warfare against unbelievers…”
and issue an official ban on Donald Trump from entering the UK on the grounds he is condoning fascism and his presence is “not conducive to the public good”,
If there’s homosexual men, the punishment is one of five things.
One – the easiest one maybe – chop their head off, that’s the easiest.
Second – burn them to death.
Third – throw ’em off a cliff.
Fourth – tear down a wall on them so they die under that.
Fifth – a combination of the above
a deadly virus that causes severe bleeding and organ failure
gun control extremists
They have yet to come to grips with the fact that “extremism” is and always has been so distressingly widespread in Muslim communities.
But they will
and it would be a beautiful common voice defending the sanctity and the indissolubility of marriage in the midst of a real neo-pagan society where divorce has become a plague and where sexual depravity is increasingly spreading.”
abortion is murder and that 58 million babies have been murdered since 1973 under the guise of woman’s choice
our worst nightmares can come true
The West falls as it fails to see Europe being overrun
the danger we face comes from the West, from politicians in Brussels, Berlin and Paris
Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation
to tell him to obey or else
whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace
the Islamic civilization, which always considers its vocation to convert Europe to what it calls the true faith
Western Europe becomes saturated with Muslim occupants, Islamists would soon seek to stream in to his country from both Western Europe as well as from Islamic nations
This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further
Congress must investigate and act
How can you just sit there smiling, issuing bland platitudinous nonsense, while this lunatic drives the sheep off a cliff
A gird failure would almost immediately fling the United States into a state of panic, and it’s always good to be prepared just in case.
Any Jew who opposes the Occupation — or opposes Zionism itself — knows that feeling of being shunned from the places that are supposed to shelter and nurture you: families, synagogues, community centers, arts organizations,"
INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS
coming to engage in criminal activity
We must be vigorous in our intolerance of his intolerance.”
If there’s homosexual men, the punishment is one of five things.
One – the easiest one maybe – chop their head off, that’s the easiest.
Second – burn them to death.
Third – throw ’em off a cliff.
Fourth – tear down a wall on them so they die under that.
Fifth – a combination of the above
It appears the Guardian has simply taken this story, provided by spooks, at face value.
Even if it later turns out that Manafort did visit Assange, the Guardian clearly had no compelling evidence for its claims when it published them.
That is profoundly irresponsible journalism – fake news – that should be of the gravest concern to readers
The islands are grappling with physician shortages, Medicaid programs facing an impending funding cliff, and widespread disparities in Federal health programs—and that was before hurricane season
if I ever call the police again [he] will do harm to me
Either you stand with BDS, Hamas, blood libels and those who want to destroy Israel or with Jews.
when “sentence is not speedily pronounced against the evil, the children of men commit evils without any fear
The desire for swift and firm convictions has sent many to death who never deserved such a punishment, nor was such a punishment truly necessary for the safety of society
A moral catastrophe is self-evidently underway and it is not possible honestly to deny its cause.
The persecution of Julian Assange must end.
Or it will end in tragedy
They can remain silent, for which history will be unforgiving.
Or they can act in the interests of justice and humanity and bring this remarkable Australian citizen home
Malcolm Turnbull can remain silent.
Or he can seize this opportunity and use his government’s diplomatic influence to defend the life of an Australian citizen, whose courageous public service is recognised by countless people across the world
I have done what I believe God wanted me to do,[
To teach with such an intentional lack of clarity inevitably risks sinning against the Holy Spirit, the Spirit of truth
don’t speak out publicly for fear they will be “marginalized or worse
they’ll be “marginalized or worse” if they speak out
even threatening to go into schism if they didn’t get their way
beaten to death and then dismembered
committing jihad massacres
such a “blessing” would encourage people to continue living in a way the Church considers gravely sinful and spiritually damaging, and therefore would be uncharitable.
If dealing with Islamic fundamentalism becomes a battle between us and the entire religion, I’ll tell you the result: we’ll lose.
We will simply lose….We absolutely have to get that Muslim majority living in many of our towns and cities on our side, more attuned to Western values than some pretty hardline interpretations of the Qur’an
But if we don’t speak about such facts, how will we ever convince Muslims not to follow “hardline interpretations of the Qur’an
We know that the Islamic State, al-Qaeda and other groups have called upon Muslims in the U.S. to try to kill military personnel and police, as well as civilians
In any case, a larger point is being lost here.
And that is that there is a war going on
One – the easiest one maybe – chop their head off, that’s the easiest.
Second – burn them to death.
Third – throw ’em off a cliff.
Fourth – tear down a wall on them so they die under that.
Fifth – a combination of the above
sooner or later, they will die
They will be outside the church
going to hell
We need to worry about blowback from President Trump’s fully-neoconized Middle East policy!
That’s the real threat!
The enemy is not only at the gates but has now made their way to the thrones of power and the seats of the Apostles.
God help us
they that forsake the law praise the wicked
tortured and killed
body was cut up with a bone saw
Only the silence of good people will allow them to win
reasserting ” itself aggressively, invading and occupying Ukraine, threatening Europe, and doing nearly nothing to aid in the destruction and defeat of ISIS
 know exactly what the reaction would be if a student paper refused to publish any pro-Islamist content
the death toll from the infectious disease continues to climb
it can kill up to 90% of victims
alarm as Ebola can spread more quickly in urban centers
very high
the disease could also move into nine neighboring countries
Bergoglio’s very presence on the Chair of Peter is a grave threat to the common good of the Church and the integrity of the Faith
Either the human element of the Church will act according to the means which seem possible, however extraordinary, or Heaven itself will intervene
The successors of the Apostles, the only ones in a position to end his rampage, must demand his resignation and, should he refuse as expected, act in this unprecedented emergency to declare his removal from the office he has criminally abused and whose very credibility he threatens to destroy
don't be like the others.
Putting aside freedom of speech, the persecution of this man has been something that should horrify all free-thinking people.
If it doesn’t horrify us, then we have surrendered something very valuable
If Julian is allowed to be spirited away to some super-max hellhole, it will be a great atrocity
to do all within his power to return Julian home before Julian’s situation becomes an irreversible tragedy
if Julian Assange is allowed to literally go under, it represents the conquest of all of us
if you know the theater is in fact on fire and you do not shout out, what happens after is your responsibility
In the library, silence is golden.
In the world of human rights, silence equals mass murder
if Paul VI is canonised, their loss of faith in the Church as an institution will be complete.
That is a danger
They warn that the general loss of trust in institutions leads to a general state of chaos, in which laws on the books matter little as citizens turn to their last resort of protecting themselves and their own families
It is on all of us to debunk them and to educate the public about their scheme
Now that federal prosecutors have gotten involved, perhaps it's time to quit talking about it and actually arrest this woman and charge her with crimes against the people of Broward County before more people end up dead in Broward County over their corrupt voting practices
When Kavanaugh is on the Supreme Court, undermining our #4thAmendment right against unreasonable searches and seizures, it will be too late for others to join me
we shall fight the Jews and the Americans until they leave the land of Islam
it would be dangerous, suicidal folly for Infidels to pretend that Ramadan is not the month of jihad.
And as our Ramadan willful blindness continues, more Infidels will die
people with immigrant backgrounds have committed 27 major terrorist attacks in Europe
the threat of terrorism becomes an everyday regularity
One woman (was) screaming through my door that I should be killed and I should die
Ku Klux Klan
white nationalist plowed his car into a group of people who were protesting the rally, killing one
Satan
Dr.
David Duke Exposes the Real Racist Jewish Supremacists Who Orchestrate the Destruction of European Mankind…’
gun control would never be the same in an era when anyone can download and print their own firearm with a few clicks
demanding that he take down his printable-gun blueprints or face prosecution for violating federal export controls
another jihad terror attack
if you vote no, you're legitimizing the most despicable thing I have seen in my time in politics
This is more of the same old, same old going on, and it looks like it’s about to get a lot worse
We know that the Islamic State, al-Qaeda and other groups have called upon Muslims in the U.S. to try to kill military personnel and police, as well as civilians
Potentially Explosive Increase
explosive increase
The potential for an explosive increase in cases
They would be immediate targets should the US and South Korea attack the north
only three nuclear weapons to shatter Japan and just two to cripple South Korea, not to mention polluting the globe with radioactive dust and contaminating North Asia’s water sources
Nuclear explosions would spread radioactive contamination over northern China and Pacific Russia
War against North Korea would be a slow and bloody slog
In a sense, what Bergoglio is doing is worse than explicit heresy
Silence at best is the price it must pay for remaining in good standing with the pro-homosexual bishop Francis has installed in San Diego.)
Trump encouraged them to go out and vote Republican if they didn't want to be uttering the words "Speaker Pelosi" over the next two years
Garcia Zarate’s background and nationality played a role in his prosecution.
INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS
tortured and beheaded
will destroy the future of the Church
That will likely change, however.
But I fear that state control of propaganda may be such that this massive “Big Lie” will come to enter public consciousness in the same way as the non-existent Russian hack of the DNC servers
Satan
documented threat to national security
They are motivated to get to the polls this November.
So it is crucial that you and your pro-gun friends get to the polls
“our worst nightmares can come true.
The West falls as it fails to see Europe being overrun.”
Don't say you were not warned
This country is being ripped apart here, and we've got to make sure we do due diligence
a campaign of hate laced with blatant anti-Semitic overtones
He was warned by others who had prior dealings with the SSMU, to keep his Jewish identity secret lest he sabotage his chances
Anyone who doubts this is an invasion only need look at the size of the caravan and those that make up the majority of those marching towards our border
Refugees Are Actually "Muslim Invaders"
They cannot agree on God's law, which most Western societies were base on
them want to overwhelm German values, and European values in general, with sharia values
to conquer and Islamize it
A putsch is afoot and if the U.S. bishops do not, as a body, stand up to defend the Holy Father in the next 24 hours, we shall be slipping towards schism long before the bishops
The idea of a purge of gay priests is both ridiculous and dangerous.
Any purge would empty parishes and religious orders of the thousands of priests and bishops who lead healthy lives of service and faithful lives of celibacy
advancement to religious vows and ordination should be barred to those who are afflicted with evil tendencies to homosexuality or pederasty, since for them the common life and the priestly ministry would constitute serious dangers
We must no longer subsidize the malpractice of the architects of ruin.
Nor must we join the neo-Catholics in their mindless applause when one of these incompetents attempts to repoint a brick or two in the crumbling façade they have erected to obscure the Church of old
“When jurisdictions choose to return criminal aliens to the streets rather than turning them over to federal immigration authorities, they put the public’s safety at risk,”
if you don’t believe that Islam is a Religion of Peace, you will be ruthlessly harassed and silenced by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and the hierarchy elsewhere as well.
 “Naiveté in the face of Islam is suicidal and very dangerous”
Taking the matter further, they warn, too, of the physical danger the pope’s disposition toward Islam invites, saying that it has resulted in Christians
not preparing for a confrontation with Islam,
You are welcoming into your country an ever increasing number of Muslims.
You are in danger as well.
You must make strong and courageous decisions
This is a matter of life and death, and any complacency towards Islam is treasonous.
We do not wish the West to continue with Islamization, nor that your actions contribute to it.
Our present sufferings are the prelude to those that you, Europeans and Western Christians, will suffer in the near future
If Kavanaugh Is Not Confirmed By Senate, Then We Are All Just One Accusation Away From Ruin
I fear for this nation when this is now the standard
Companies doing business in Iran face substantial risks, and those risks are even greater as we reimpose nuclear-related sanctions
activities could be quickly expanded
poses serious moral and physical dangers
if they did, then someone might actually have to act on something that actually was a crime.
we’ll destroy you
Ghost guns are already a problem; they are used not just by lone shooters but as part of criminal enterprises.
Releasing instructions for their manufacture, which now only circulate on the dark Web, will lead directly to the loss of more innocent lives.
The administration should stop the State Department from going ahead with this foolhardy move, and Congress should act to plug the loopholes that these guns are designed to take advantage of

We know it is demonically inspired because their hatred is for Christ Himself in the first place and for anyone who loves and wants to serve Him second.
They are men who refuse to bend the knee before the God whom they will not serve.
A dark, impenetrable and “irreversible” winter of persecution of the faithful by their own shepherds will fall
You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved
before this crisis gets any more out-of-control than it already is
but if one dares something, one might win, but one also can perish.
Isaiah says that such people draw unto them God's punishment, with thick cords
Talk about extreme, militant Islamists and the atrocities that they have perpetrated globally might undercut the positive achievements that we Catholics have attained in our inter-religious dialogue with devout Muslims
Beware
the abuse was approved by God.
“The reluctance of some in the Vatican Curia to implement recommendations or cooperate with the work of a commission when the purpose is to improve the safety of children and vulnerable adults around the world is unacceptable,”
Continued inaction while the laity and a few good priests are left to themselves to defend, as best they can, the constant teaching of the Church against the abuses of a tyrant on the Chair of Peter threatens the hierarchs with a legacy of shame and a terrible accountability before the Just Judge.
Don’t allow yourself to be fooled: arm yourself with the truth by preordering The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS
his most theologically unsettling point.
bad for evangelization,”
If we don’t, we will find ourselves, in the words of Pope Benedict, in “a dictatorship of relativism that does not recognize anything as definitive and whose ultimate goal consists solely of one’s own ego and desires
next time a man is nominated to a position who really has committed a crime, people will be that much less likely to believe his accuser
public health emergency with international impact
highly infectious and extremely lethal
a grave threat to “national security,” i.e., befriending the Russians (i.e., the Soviets) and Cubans and entering into peaceful coexistence with the communist world.
Give me what I want or I will release the records
the CIA has argued that the release of any of its JFK records would threaten “national security
deadly
gets Earl Warren and Sen. Richard Russel to join the Warren Commission by telling them that the assassination could lead to World War III
orders him to shut down any investigation of a conspiracy because it might lead to nuclear war
This massive Democrat voter fraud could be the end of our free republic
And if He is God, we must give Him the adoration of God.
It is impossible to do all this without God’s assistance.
if I do that, then I betray my mother, the Church.
The Church!
if the Church continues to remain under the influence of the prince of the revolution, then, in the future a crisis will come upon the Church
in the name of the Declaration of Religious Freedom [of Vatican II], we ask the President to remove this article in the Constitution
We must take care, because this change in the church is a liberal change.
The liberal principles have entered the Church now, and they destroy the Church
Because if this crisis continues, many people will go to hell
a holy war between Muslims and non-Muslims
he is condoning fascism and his presence is ‘not conducive to the public good.'”
Ebola victims can be a risk, if mourners have direct contact with the body of the deceased.
