Yet everything right is good, and everything wrong is evil
 “If there’s homosexual men, the punishment is one of five things.
One – the easiest one maybe – chop their head off, that’s the easiest.
Second – burn them to death.
Third – throw ’em off a cliff.
Fourth – tear down a wall on them so they die under that.
Fifth – a combination of the above.”
the “beautiful explanations” that are being presented to clergy and faithful as “discernment” and “pastoral accompaniment,” or a “change of paradigm” and “discovery of the subjective part of the truth,” when translated into “common sense language,” are tantamount to an allowance to sin.
As Successors of the Apostles, Schneider said they “could not act in another way
it seems like when you do the wrong thing before God and man, somehow people seem to give it a pass.
Yet, when you begin to do the right things and obey God and love man according to the Word of God, all of a sudden, the world acts like you're doing something wrong
No enactment of man can be considered law unless it conforms to the Law of God
If our Jewish institutions — particularly the American Jewish Historical Society — cannot accommodate dissent, and effectively exclude all Jewish anti-Zionists, then they have not only lost a rapidly growing Jewish population, but they have lost a key aspect of their Jewishness
Either that or they can go whine to the New York Times some more because the Jewish community won't let them burn crosses on their lawn
We condemn all those whose behaviours and views run counter to our shared values
Democrats Want Us To Believe All Women…Unless They’re Accusing Keith Ellison, Bill Clinton, Al Franken Or George Soros
if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER
If there’s homosexual men, the punishment is one of five things.
One – the easiest one maybe – chop their head off, that’s the easiest.
Second – burn them to death.
Third – throw ’em off a cliff.
Fourth – tear down a wall on them so they die under that.
Fifth – a combination of the above.”
supporter of Israel means Farrakhan supporter.
Either you stand with BDS, Hamas, blood libels and those who want to destroy Israel or with Jews
the death penalty as administered by society must be viewed against the backdrop of divine revelation if it is to make any real sense
is history
It’s not coming back
There will be no turning back
Should Trump fall, and a restored establishment attempt to reimpose the old policies, there will be a truly uncivil war in this country.
After the Trumpian revolt, there is no going back.
Does Mr. Ferrara believe that the Catholic Church under Pope Francis is a “Leviathan Church” and not the Catholic Church?
If this is so, then it would suggest that Mr. Ferrara is refusing submission to the Roman Pontiff and communion with the members of the Church subject to him.
There is no better way to keep the Catholic family together and committed to the Catholic restoration than the Catholic home school.
falsely elevated to the rank of a decisive question of Catholicism and a measure of ideological comparison in order to decide whether one is conservative or liberal, in favor or against the pope.”
While Obama pardoned drug dealers and locked up ranchers, Trump pardons ranchers and locks up drug dealers
homosexuality always contradicts the Will of God
“Any such ‘blessing rite’ would cooperate in a morally forbidden act, no matter how sincere the persons seeking the blessing,”
there is no truth, no real mercy, and no authentic compassion, in blessing a course of action that leads persons away from God.”
If there’s homosexual men, the punishment is one of five things.
One – the easiest one maybe – chop their head off, that’s the easiest.
Second – burn them to death.
Third – throw ’em off a cliff.
Fourth – tear down a wall on them so they die under that.
Fifth – a combination of the above.”
the world, or Christ
those that are distancing themselves from the council to make another path are killing themselves
mutually exclusive alternatives
Bypassing the class left her vulnerable to bullying
“You don’t need to be reading this.
You need to be reading the Bible.”
If you die tonight.
Heaven or Hell?
only solution
Either the human element of the Church will act according to the means which seem possible, however extraordinary, or Heaven itself will intervene
And if they can't whitewash this, they'll ignore it.
the ADL is wrong and he loves Farrakhan
Were the Ammonites and Moabites not kept out of the assembly of Israel because of their hatred of the people of God?
(Deuteronoy 23:3-6)
one cannot allow such an influx into the country, or all you are asking for is the judgments God warned about in Deuteronomy 28.
People are going to be very impressed
Failure to do so exposes the party’s liberal agenda as a sham
Would a Republican get a pass on meeting with a racist hate group leader?
Obviously not.
No Catholic, whether or not he consults a priest, can declare for himself that his marriage in the Church was invalid, especially when—indeed because—he lacks canonical proof of invalidity.
There’s no other way you can coin it
if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!”
If a priest blesses a homosexual couple, then this is an atrocity at a holy site, namely, to approve of something that God does not approve of.”
In dogmatic questions, there cannot be a plurality,”
There is only one Magisterium, he said, and bishops' conferences can only decide about pastoral questions.
he who lives in the state of mortal sin cannot receive Holy Communion.”
The Commandments are an expression of the Love of God for us.
If we fulfill them, we are united with God.”
ica will face a choice between accepting a nuclear-armed Iran or acting to destroy as much of this capability as possible.”
T
If anyone is going to help them, he'd be the one.
Only legislation, above all an immigration moratorium, can secure the fruits of the current economic expansion for Americans.
The only answer is legislation— border wall to stop the illegal alien flow; a second Operation Wetback, including E-Verify, to get the illegal alien self-deporting; a moratorium on legal immigration
If the board members of Crime Stoppers and Citizens’ Crime Watch do not wish to be associated with anti-Semitism or white supremacism or Hamas or Holocaust denial or Steve Anderson or David Duke or Louis Farrakhan, then they must cut ties with Sofian Zakkout
Paddock could not have carried out the massacre
Anyone attempting to do this are Bad Nuns
The fight isn't hopeless for those whose hope is in the Lord and will stay the course.
the only solution
America will face a choice between accepting a nuclear-armed Iran or acting to destroy as much of this capability as possible
if we do that, we won't have to worry about mass shooters
they are about as anti-American as it comes in their new demands for gun confiscation measures
This has nothing to do with medicine or health
a right, not a permission, to keep and bear arms
Appointing her to the UN would give Trump, Jeb Bush's policies.
The reason why people are in your country is not because they are refugees, but because they want a German life
Everyone is guilty for the good he could have done and did not do ...
If we do not oppose evil, we tacitly feed it
Any abandonment of the regime must be viewed as ecclesiastical treason—“Catholic Jacobinism”—if not criminal activity
it does not account for the fact that Islam came AFTER Christ, and so is, and can only be, an Antichrist
As a proper Antichrist, Islam exists only as an enemy of all:
For the Qur’an, Christians “are only impurity”
Allah has nothing to offer but war and murder of the “infidels” in exchange for his paradise:
Jesus has never indicated any other way than that of the Cross,
The headquarters of my archdiocese and my apostolate have been occupied by radical Islamists who want us to convert or die.
You believe any woman who goes against a Republican and you don't believe any woman who goes against a Democrat
…it is not allowable to emphasize what is called the “communal” Mass to the disparagement of Masses celebrated in private, or to exaggerate the element of sacramental sign as if the symbolism, which all certainly admit in the Eucharist, expresses fully and exhausts completely the mode of Christ’s presence in this sacrament.
Nor is it allowable to discuss the mystery of transubstantiation without mentioning what the Council of Trent stated about the marvelous conversion of the whole substance of the bread into the Body and of the whole substance of the wine into the Blood of Christ, speaking rather only of what is called “transignification” and “transfiguration,”
If the Mass were ever reduced in our minds to being merely a commemorative meal and the priest as only a community leader or functionary, then the celibacy of the Catholic Priesthood might seem extravagant
there is only one Catholic answer: No!
only then when there is a blessing upon a cause or a project, will something good come out of it.
That is to say, one could not consecrate a brothel, one could not bless a concentration camp or weapons which are not explicitly ordained for hunting or for legitimate self-defense.
one may not bless a relationship which is sinful; [one may not bless] the mafia; no blessing for organizations or institutions which promote or procure abortions or which propagate ideologies which are against the Faith, antisemitic contents, or other forms of racist thought.
there is only one Catholic answer: No!
Even if the attempt is void and of no effect before man and God—an immoral law is no law at all—
The stronger NATO is, the less maneuvering room Russia has
You have no authority to compose this schema, because it is a theological thesis and therefore within the competence of the Theological Commission.”
We must tolerate - have tolerance for the error - but never give the same right to error and truth.
That is impossible.
a good thing for Americans
"There is no Republican Party.
There's a Trump party,"
if Trumpism is not the future of the GOP, it is hard to see what a promising GOP agenda might look like
its time has come and gone
If Muslims sincerely condemn jihad terror and sharia oppression, they shouldn’t oppose him.
despite the fact that government has never been given authority to restrict or regulate arms
attacking the rights of the people
We wouldn’t be doing our jobs as mayors if we weren’t focusing on gun violence
the Second Amendment recognizes the right to keep and bear arms is a right given to us by our Creator, not a permission we gain from government
