Since Germany and Europe did not want the Jews, the Nazis came up with the idea of sending the Jews to another country
there’s only one possible explanation
In order to convert to Islam, one says the shahada.
Saying the shahada makes you a Muslim.
The shahada is what is on the black flag of jihad
British authorities want to ignore that and shoot the messenger.
pinned blame for Steinle's death on illegal immigration and insufficiently aggressive deportation policies.
This tragedy could have been prevented if San Francisco had simply turned the alien over to ICE as we requested, instead of releasing him back onto the streets,"
Steinle would still be alive were it not for an insecure border and lenient treatment toward suspected undocumented immigrants in local jails.
for profit system
If you keep a handgun in the bedside table and drink beer regularly, you may [be] in trouble
As Successors of the Apostles, Schneider said they “could not act in another way.”
They are being exposed for who they are and they do not like it
because they have simply forsaken the cross
The reason they don't is because they are guilty of what they fail to confront
These groups of people are simply enemies of the cross of Christ and know not the power of God unto salvation
If Christians were equally as faithful to the Lord, separated from the world (2 Corinthians 6:17), and living so that their lives were a reproof to all ungodliness, the world would hate them as much as it ever did
If I don’t expect the Catholic Church to do anything, then I won’t be too disappointed when they don’t do anything
It’s the very reason the governments of the world still exist.
This is clearly a set-up
Its job is to shore up a consensus on the left for attacks on leading threats to the existing, neoliberal order
The Guardian did not make a mistake in vilifying Assange without a shred of evidence.
It did what it is designed to do
That explains the effort of “The Great Left Hope” to have his client’s felony gun possession conviction tossed.
“They used me as an example because of [the backlash over] Hillary Clinton,”
this is all a ruse to block Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation by all means necessary
gave the serial sexual predator Bill Clinton a free pass because his policies were in line with their ideology
TO ARGUE AGAINST THE DEATH PENALTY is to contend with constituted reality
there has always been a death penalty.
God instituted it, and He was the first to impose it, embedding it in the very fabric of natural law
from that point in history lawful killing in atonement for taking the life of another is sanctioned by God
After all, it is not the injury to relatives or any other human consideration that makes homicide the serious sin that it is, but as God Himself pointed out to Noah, it is the fact that “man was made to the image of God” that makes an assault on him tantamount to an assault on God.
It is therefore to God, and not to His creatures that reparation is primarily due
it was instituted by God Himself
Suffering the penalty not only allows the criminal to render expiation to God and to society, but if accepted in Christ’s grace with due repentance, it preserves his soul from hell and eliminates much of his purgatory
the problem of the death penalty is insoluble except from a Christian point of view
without the shedding of blood there is no remission
From that point on it is Christ who delegates the divine authority to punish by killing, and both Scripture and tradition testify that it is lawfully wielded by those to whom He entrusts the temporal sword in His Kingdom
As with everyone else the moment of death ushers them either into heaven, hell or purgatory
By divine decree it will perdure until the end of time, when “the former things are passed away.” Only then “death shall be no more, nor mourning, nor crying, nor sorrow shall be any more,” and not one minute sooner
Trump is president because he read the party and the country right
The authorities care so little about violence against women that they manipulate rape allegations at will
with whom, I guess, she has also no choice but to have sexual relations.
Because of kind-heartedness.
Presumably because adultery itself is no longer sinful
because it would have been damaging to Obama
someone who hires based on what he thinks someone doing that job should look like
Rather than being about receiving “God’s assistance for themselves,” those engaging in sodomy and wishing to have it “blessed” by the Church “aim with their request at the recognition and acceptance of their homosexual way of life and its ecclesial valorization.”
All for spreading unwelcome truth around
and the imposition of their poll tax [jizya], “until they pay the tribute out of hand and have been humbled” (Koran 9:29) is a divinely ordained obligation
What you want to do is destroy this guy's life, hold this seat open, and hope you win in 2020
“They used me as an example because of [the backlash over] Hillary Clinton.”
They were bowing to jihadist intimidation.
This is clearly the testimony of an honest man who has only the good of the Church in his heart—a modern-day Athanasius standing against something so much worse than Liberius
How can one avoid concluding that the reason they do not provide the documentation is that they know it confirms my testimony
His long article in L’Osservatore Romano, in which he came out in favor of the more controversial aspects of Amoris Laetitia, represents his surrender
Sodom and Gomorrah was Judged by God Because Men Refused to Keep His Commandments in Dealing with the Wicked
homosexuality was the reason God poured fiery sulfur on the cities, completely destroying them and all of their inhabitants
Sodom and Gomorrah serve as a powerful example of how God feels about sin in general, and homosexuality specifically
It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her
which leaves no alternative as to why God judges and is judging America today
If you enjoyed Hillary Clinton’s tenure as Secretary of State, you’ll like Pompeo’s
I have no doubt from the information circulated about me and campaign run against me prior to this vote that this was about my Jewish identity, and nothing more
To the victims of the Church, and to those who love them, it sounds like he is saying, “Who do you think you are?
I don’t have to explain myself to you.
You’re the guilty one.
You brought this on yourself.
If you want to be loved, then know your place.
I’m the victim, here, not you.
If you know what’s good for you, keep your mouth shut
Fisher knows that Francis knows it, even if she still cannot bring herself to say explicitly what should now be apparent to the entire body of the faithful
Bergoglio will not, of course, resign.
He will cling to power with his last breath in order to carry out the many other acts of ecclesial subversion he clearly has in mind
Trump] has decided to intervene in a pending law enforcement investigation by ordering the selective release of materials he believes are helpful to his defense team and thinks will advance a false narrative
The only answer that comes to mind is that Jesus wants to manifest just how weak is the faith of many within the Church, even among too many of her bishops.
This is precisely because WikiLeaks is producing the kind of journalism that they ought to be doing
She knew it would be made public
If you think Mrs. Ford is ignorant of this considering her father works for the Central Intelligence Agency and her prior criminal political activism, then you aren't thinking clearly
that attack on him was orchestrated, it was political and Ford was a part of it
Ford is not seeking justice nor is she seeking to do her "civic duty."
She is seeking to slander a man's character for something she cannot prove that she claims happened over 36 years ago
a couple hundred thousand dollars of ad spends and some Russian bots on Facebook swayed the election to Donald Trump
Its job is to shore up a consensus on the left for attacks on leading threats to the existing, neoliberal order: ...
The Guardian did not make a mistake in vilifying Assange without a shred of evidence.
It did what it is designed to do
It is no accident that Luke Harding is still employed: in fact, it is because of Harding’s consistent loyalty to establishment, specifically the UK intelligence apparatus, over the truth that determines his “success” amongst legacy press outlets.
Harding is not a defacement or a departure from the norm, but the personification of it
Ramadan is quintessentially the month of jihad
Islam’s core beliefs make it clear that the latter statement is closer to the truth
Murdering infidels thus doesn’t contradict the spirit of Ramadan; it embodies it
The people who talk about the "Jewish question" are generally anti-Semites
The latter think that removing guns will suddenly force humanity to stop all animosity toward one another, hold hands, and sing Kumbaya
The former recognizes that an armed populace is a threat to any tyrant and pushes for gun control out of self-preservation
What you want to do is destroy this guy's life, hold this seat open and hope you win in 2020
The CIA might as well start issuing uniforms decorated with skulls and lightning bolts
The CIA might as well start issuing uniforms decorated with skulls and lightning bolts
Simply put, the 21st century has not been good for non-Hispanic job seekers
The FBI’s bafflement here is part of its deep, deep corruption.
The FBI doesn’t acknowledge that there is a global jihad, or that Islam has anything to do with terrorism.
It doesn’t admit that there is a war going on, and treats each act of Islamic terror as if it were a separate and discrete criminal event, unrelated to all the others
Ragan most likely means that investigators didn’t find an ISIS membership card in Kazi’s wallet, or lots of phone calls to Iraq or Syria, or a note from Kazi reading, “I did this for Allah and Islam.
Allahu akbar
It is commonly said that wage stagnation contributed to an economic anxiety in middle America that carried Donald Trump into the White House…
and which I argued meant that an unreported illegal alien surge was underway
Don't expect it to condemn Rep. Davis' comments.
He was just saying what most of them think.
Trump is in the driver’s seat because the CIA cannot afford to permit the American people to see the records it wants to continue to be kept secret.
once the CIA gives Trump what he wants, he will cave and give the CIA the continued secrecy it so desperately needs.
It’s essentially an admission of guilt,
They had to make certain that Oswald was not on to them and had not discovered that he was being set up for a frame-up.
it knows that those records will further implicate the CIA in the Kennedy assassination.
by seeking continued secrecy, it’s essentially an implicit acknowledgment of guilt.
because it knows that its assets and allies in the mainstream press will continue to come to its defense
All of the critics of AL are wrong—every one of them!—because, you see, the original Latin text does not say what the English text does.
all the tumult triggered by AL is just a misunderstanding caused by uninformed people who haven’t consulted the Latin text—
If a college of judges in a matrimonial tribunal is not able to arrive at moral certitude regarding the nullity of a marriage after a careful and thorough examination of the petition of nullity, how can an individual priest be capable of making such a judgment having to do with the eternal salvation of the soul in question?
My Jewish identity was now public, and a target was placed squarely upon me by the McGill BDS movement
“They used me as an example because of [the backlash over] Hillary Clinton,”
Assange never met Manafort.
The DNC emails were downloaded by an insider.
Assange never even considered fleeing to Russia.
Those are the facts, and I am in a position to give you a personal assurance of them
I can also assure you that Luke Harding, the Guardian, Washington Post and New York Times have been publishing a stream of deliberate lies, in collusion with the security services
Plainly the government of Ecuador is releasing lies about Assange to curry favour with the security establishment of the USA and UK, and to damage Assange’s support prior to expelling him from the Embassy.
He will then be extradited from London to the USA on charges of espionage
making the claim that Jews have experienced such abuse because they have somehow been cursed

‘Cause they’re under the curse of God for having rejected the Lord Jesus Christ.”
They deliberately refused to bring up the allegations, as weak and ridiculous as they are, at Kavanaugh’s Senate confirmation hearings because they didn’t want to have a rational discussion
Ford’s request for an FBI probe is “clearly a desire to delay proceedings
The statement though is full of conspiracy theories and blames everyone else for Davis' behavior except him.
Let’s face it, twice before the attack ISIS warned the United States that they would attack Las Vegas and then after the attack claimed responsibility four times,”
they don't want to bite the hand that feeds them
“They used me as an example because of [the backlash over] Hillary Clinton,”
Which is just Allen’s more nuanced way of saying: “Don’t believe it
Faggioli’s argument demonstrates that neo-Catholicism has never been about making the authentic Faith more appealing to a “modern world” founded precisely on a rejection of the Church’s authority.
It is not about the Faith at all.
Rather, it is an ideological movement dedicated to the face-saving defense of a catastrophic failure in ecclesial innovation that has corrupted the human element of the Church in practically every department
for Winters it is not the Church or the integrity of her doctrine and discipline that must be defended against enemies, but only Bergoglio and the regime of novelty he is leading to its final extremity
as Bergoglio cannot deny the allegations without lying, he will say nothing at all about them in the hope they will go away
He clearly wanted to find out if I was an ally of McCarrick or not
For Faggioli, not only would Bergoglio’s resignation be unthinkable, so also would a purge of the homosexual and pro-homosexual prelates Bergoglio and his Vatican henchmen have systematically enabled
the conservative bishops and even Cardinals (Burke and Müller) he has sacked because their conservatism offended him or one of his friends
who sacks conservative bishops and cardinals according to his pleasure
Thus did Paul describe the conciliar “opening to the world” through which the world promptly invaded the Church, including large numbers of homosexuals who should never have been admitted to the seminary
what he is really arguing—the final beachhead of the neo-Catholic defense of their disintegrating regime—is that homosexuals in the hierarchy must remain in authority as an indispensable seawall against a “neo-traditionalist” storm surge
I believe that Archbishop Viganò’s precious testimony is a sign that Heaven itself is now responding to the “need for justice” in the Church
Today, neo-Catholic commentators, cowed by the demands of political correctness, refuse to state the simple truth that homosexuality is a perversion that precludes ordination as does any other grave psychological disorder
San Francisco’s decision to protect criminal aliens led to the preventable and heartbreaking death of Kate Steinle
SF city just proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that they dont care if YOU, or others get killed by their policies
Democrats want to delay this vote until after the midterms because they believe they have a chance to retake the Senate as well as the House
chose to sit on it until the moment it could inflict maximum political damage

“They used me as an example because of [the backlash over] Hillary Clinton,”
posted an article this week that pointed to Haig's background in the aerospace industry as a sign of U.S. government involvement in the massacre
This leftwing witch hunt has been ongoing since day one of Trump’s presidency in order to impair and impede his ability to get the job done
the only reason why there is general interest in the Qur’an among non-Muslims is to seek an answer to the question of whether or not it justifies and encourages Islamic terrorism
It isn’t remotely accurate, but it feels good, and for the Catholic and Leftist establishment today, that seems to be all that matters
To eradicate these, Muslims are required to wage war until there exists none of it in the world, and the only religion is that of Allah
simply because Ms. Ford is a woman who has made what they call, without any corroborating evidence to date, a “credible” charge
the purpose of the Left’s frenzied, demagogic assault is to damage the nominee, and by extension, the president who nominated him
If one considers and weighs this matter, one knows: one may not bless a union of two homosexual men or of lesbian women.
To bless always means that something shall flourish, because only then when there is a blessing upon a cause or a project, will something good come out of it.
“If ISIS warns about an attack and then an attack occurs and claims responsibility after the fact, it seems to me that at a minimum, they should have some portion of the investigation to clearly debunk that claim and, yet, it hasn’t happened,” he said.
they know there is no Russian Collusion
It is to defend Islam that Western clerics do not raise their voice against such acts of brutality.
It is to pursue a fruitless and chimerical “dialogue” that bishops in the U.S. and Europe keep silent about Muslim persecution of Christians, and enforce that silence upon others
But of course they were both
For Faggioli, the implication is that at least 50 percent of German Catholic children never see their parents receive communion and lose their faith because of it
every time there's a man that you don't like running for public office or being nominated for a position, some woman crawls out from a line of protesters and makes an ambiguous-at-best claim about unwanted sexual advances
they dig up some Trump-hating woman from Kavanaugh’s past and convince her to say that he assaulted her thinking that such an allegation will surely delay the vote long enough for them to regain control of Congress
obviously sat on the request, undoubtedly hoping that he could get what he wanted in return if he just continued holding out and conveying that he was ready to release the records.
it is a virtual certainly that when Art of the Deal Trump sent out those two tweets, he was sending a message to the CIA as part of the negotiations:
the records undoubtedly contain more incriminating circumstantial evidence that fills in the mosaic of a U.S. national-security regime-change operation on November 22, 1963.
it knew would point to the CIA’s guilt in the assassination.
the obvious inference that people would draw — that the CIA was continuing to cover up incriminatory evidence.
Let’s state the obvious: The CIA records that are still being suppressed have nothing to do with “national security.” They have everything to do with covering up the CIA’s role
the same motive that motivated the CIA and Pentagon to target other political leaders for regime change or assassination around that time,
They needed to get rid of Kennedy to protect national security and elevate Johnson, who had the same anti-communist mindset as the Pentagon and the CIA, to the presidency.
no doubt being told that he was being prepared for an important mission,
The cover-up of this particular U.S. regime-change operation
There could be only one answer: communists.
Soviet and Cuban communists, to be more specific.
The communist part and the nuclear-war part were concocted.
That was all part of the plan.
The answer: Helms lied.
There is no reasonable doubt that Oswald was a U.S. intelligence agent,
when Oswald was claiming that he was being framed, there could be only one entity that he could have been thinking about: the CIA,
were secretly monitoring his activities in the weeks leading up to the assassination, no doubt to ensure that Oswald had not figured out what was about to happen to him.
That’s why the CIA has to continue keeping those records secret.
Then why the hidden rifle?
Because it’s consistent with a frame-up.
That’s why they had shots fired from the front and placed Oswald in the rear.
The last-minute accusations from Christine Blasey Ford, a woman who claims that decades ago Kavanaugh groped her at a high school party, and Deborah Ramirez, who accused Kavanaugh of exposing himself to her at a frat party at Yale, are transparent acts of aggression against the judge and Republicans, one engineered by the Democrats
every accusation of sexual assault, no matter how much it’s unsupported by corroborating evidence or even plausibility, must be believed
because they thought Hillary Clinton was going to win
because they thought that Hillary Clinton was going to win
driven by their own guilt
if the reforms are bad, then it is impossible that the Council is good and all the reforms are bad, because that is the authentic interpretation of the Council by Rome.
Clearly, they were acting unlawfully when they did what they did
China was allowed to run $4 trillion in trade surpluses at our expense, converting herself into the world's first manufacturing power and denuding America of tens of thousands of factories and millions of manufacturing jobs
so disillusioned the nation that it elected Barack Obama
The worldwide howl at Trump’s retweets of videos tweeted out by a British politician is further proof of the Islamization of the West.
