Why?
alleging “layers of corruption” within the student government and favouritism in appointing board members
When he says that Muslims never killed Jews just for being Jews, he is lying, and relying on the historical ignorance of his audience
The Jews claim that it happened to them alone and that the number of Jews who died in that Holocaust was six million.
What we have here are historical errors
wonder how far a white congressman would get
Is the principal acting on this?
And do the police have any interest in this?
Or would that be “islamofauxbic”?
I’m not sure we’re doing just fine
Why would the autopsy report be something that needs to be withheld from the public or his family?
What is surprising is the level of secrecy surrounding the Las Vegas shooting and the containment of information more than three months after it occurred.
Something’s not adding up."
SO WHAT
First, the open carry of a firearm is LEGAL in the area where this took place.
So, the fellow was violating NO gun laws whatsoever
Thirdly, what does “volume of complaints” mean?
How many complaints were received over a YEAR’S time?
Two?
Five?
Ten?
People complaining about other people happens all of the time
Fifthly, a U.S. citizen who has committed NO CRIME is denied his Natural right of self-defense for a whole year.
And the media report says the confiscations “only” last a year, with the caveat that they may be extended
the reason I dropped the “J” word was because you haven’t in 40 years
They can write all big and bad but when it comes to what someone else should do.
However, when it is time for them to put boots on the ground, they are simply missing in action (MIA
who care more about saving face, than they do the souls of men (Luke 19:10), as well as saving their country
deceiving themselves into believing that they are demanding a lawful change just as long as it does not offend anyone
these counterfeits will be the first ones to get angry with and denounce and attack the ones that are sent by the Spirit of God
Yet, you do not see any warfare or opposition around them and why
Maybe he should have taken the time to look to the founding forefathers and that document which they drew up called “The Declaration of Independence
I ask, are Christians to submit to those who have sanctioned the murder of the innocent in the womb
Are Christians to submit to those who have redefined marriage where a man can now "marry" a man and a woman can now "marry" a woman
this protestant ought to have stayed home to read their Bible rather than to protest corruption in government
maybe this individual should take the time to know a little bit of his own history!
There is nothing worse than when a person who doesn’t know what they are talking about tries to tell you what the truth is
this protestant should know what the Bible says about those in authority
Anyone who teaches that they have authority to execute wrath upon "him that doeth good” is ignorant and uneducated in their misleadings
Furthermore, the individual that wrote the article teaching people to submit to authorities might want to take the time to read Romans 12:21 before perverting and twisting Romans 13, so that the next time he will not be guilty of twisting Scripture the way that Satan twists Scripture
Submit to those who lie continuously, to them that steal and even kill
What exactly do they want us to believe?
There are obviously certain things that the FBI and other investigators seem intent on covering up.
so why change the narrative to make it even more unbelievable?
we are not being told what actually happened that fateful night.
a huge bombshell in the ongoing investigation
the church’s inertia on the issue,
I’ve seen little that has changed
meaning he hasn’t bothered to do any serious investigation beyond a few Google searches.
And what inference might one draw from the coincidence that Saint Francis’ prophecy of a future “destroyer” in the papal office seems to correspond rather well with the pontificate of the only Pope who has taken Francis’ name as his own?
t what he claimed were factual errors elsewhere in the Roche biography.
But he had no evidence that the quotation as such was a fabrication.
He simply wished that it was so.
and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA
Two months ago, Trump tweeted that he should have chosen a different person as attorney general who wouldn’t have needed to recuse himself.
“I wish I did!” he wrote
Ma’am, you lied to me, didn’t you
You lied to me, didn’t you
You’re a liar, aren’t you
Could we have been wrong about him
And if so, could we have been this wrong
Is it any wonder that so many Catholics have become disaffected
Why is this man still a cardinal?
Why is he still a bishop?
Why is he still allowed to call himself a “Catholic theologian”?
Why did you, apparently deliberately, ensure that he was able to enter the Conclave to decide who your successor was going to be
Why have we so often seen these men – compromised intellectually and morally – elevated to superior rank, despite the incredible brazenness of their hatred of the Catholic Faith
the American people are clearly not being told the truth.
authorities are actually actively covering up what really happened
Capitol Police didn’t make arrests despite numerous red flags and then ‘inadvertently’ gave evidence to defense attorneys that was supposed to go to prosecutors
Accidentally
good people of Massachusetts do us all a favor and elect someone else in her place?
The Senate's own rules prohibit this kind of behavior, but will the Senate hold these women to the standard they've set
and if six years ago she told the therapist four men and says two men now, that suggests that her memory of the event may be suspect
Wasserman Schultz was defending someone investigators allegedly told her was suspected of cybersecurity violations, despite having resigned from her position as DNC head following a devastating hack during the 2016 election
If President Trump were a mole, wouldn’t he have made life easier for Putin?
Wouldn’t he have eased sanctions?
Wouldn’t he have been less confrontational than Obama in Syria?
Wouldn’t the President be making Putin’s attempts at expanding his influence easier?
The family finally got the remains in a box marked "evidence" over three months after the shooting and the autopsy report hasn't been finalized?
Wait, were the same guys in the autopsy room that were there when the doctors and coroners examined John F Kennedy
How can the autopsy report not be ‘finalized’ when the body was cremated more than five weeks ago
On top of that, we have questions as to whether the body was even that of Stephen Paddock, given the fact that certain elements of the Paddock in the preliminary police report, which mentioned the autopsy, are apparently at odds with the Paddock of other documentation
By the way, the toxicology report was not mentioned in the preliminary report
why weren’t the police rushing to the scene immediately
constantly changing story,
While we may never know the exact circumstances
This isn’t a case where the underlying facts of the law changed.
The only thing that changed was the administration
which have proven quite useless anyway
The government has been no more effective at stopping criminals from getting guns than at stopping them from obtaining drugs
her sentence of 63 months in federal prison was unfair and accused Sessions of having a double standard
So unfair Jeff, Double Standard
The Guardian, an otherwise solid and reliable paper, has such a pervasive and unprofessionally personal hatred for Julian Assange that it has frequently dispensed with all journalistic standards in order to malign him
According to Greenwald: “If Paul Manafort … visited Assange at the Embassy, there would be ample amounts of video and other photographic proof demonstrating that this happened.
The Guardian provides none of that
It appears the Guardian has simply taken this story, provided by spooks, at face value.
Even if it later turns out that Manafort did visit Assange, the Guardian clearly had no compelling evidence for its claims when it published them.
That is profoundly irresponsible journalism – fake news – that should be of the gravest concern to readers
apparently because maintenance of the Guardian’s reputation is more important than Assange’s fate and the right of journalists to dig up embarrassing secrets without fear of being imprisoned
Faced with the backlash, the Guardian quickly – and very quietly – rowed back its initial certainty that its story was based on verified facts.
Instead, it amended the text, without acknowledging it had done so, to attribute the claims to unnamed, and uncheckable, “sources
The Guardian’s latest story provides a supposedly stronger foundation for an existing narrative: that Assange and Wikileaks knowingly published emails hacked by Russia from the Democratic party’s servers.
In truth, there is no public evidence that the emails were hacked, or that Russia was involved.
Central actors have suggested instead that the emails were leaked from within the Democratic party
Even when a United Nations panel of experts in international law ruled in 2016 that Assange was being arbitrarily – and unlawfully – detained by the UK, Guardian writers led efforts to discredit the UN report
The problem for the Guardian, which should have been obvious to its editors from the outset, is that any visits by Manafort would be easily verifiable without relying on unnamed “sources
In fact, the Guardian obtained the embassy’s logs in May, and has never made any mention of either Manafort or “Russians” being identified in them.
It did not refer to the logs in its latest story
No fact-checking
It is worth noting it should be vitally important for a serious publication like the Guardian to ensure its claims are unassailably true – both because Assange’s personal fate rests on their veracity, and because, even more importantly, a fundamental right, the freedom of the press, is at stake
Given this, one would have expected the Guardian’s editors to have insisted on the most stringent checks imaginable before going to press with Harding’s story.
At a very minimum, they should have sought out a response from Assange and Manafort before publication.
Neither precaution was taken
And yet this piece seems to have been casually waved through, given a green light even though its profound shortcomings were evident to a range of well-placed analysts and journalists from the outset
Despite all this, even analysts critical of the Guardian’s behaviour have shown a glaring failure to understand that its latest coverage represents not an aberration by the paper but decisively fits with a pattern
It was also apparently evidence of the paper’s clickbait tendencies
They [Guardian editors] knew that publishing this story would cause partisan warriors to excitedly spread the story, and that cable news outlets would hyperventilate over it, and that they’d reap the rewards regardless of whether the story turned out to be true or false
Rather than being the reason for the Guardian violating basic journalistic standards and ethics, the paper’s hatred of Assange is a symptom of a deeper malaise in the Guardian and the wider corporate media
Even aside from its decade-long campaign against Assange, the Guardian is far from “solid and reliable”, as Greenwald claims.
It has been at the forefront of the relentless, and unhinged, attacks on Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn for prioritising the rights of Palestinians over Israel’s right to continue its belligerent occupation.
Over the past three years, the Guardian has injected credibility into the Israel lobby’s desperate efforts to tar Corbyn as an anti-semite
Similarly, the Guardian worked tirelessly to promote Clinton and undermine Sanders in the 2016 Democratic nomination process – another reason the paper has been so assiduous in promoting the idea that Assange, aided by Russia, was determined to promote Trump over Clinton for the presidency
The Guardian’s coverage of Latin America, especially of populist leftwing governments that have rebelled against traditional and oppressive US hegemony in the region, has long grated with analysts and experts.
Its especial venom has been reserved for leftwing figures like Venezuela’s Hugo Chavez, democratically elected but official enemies of the US, rather than the region’s rightwing authoritarians beloved of Washington
The Guardian has been vocal in the so-called “fake news” hysteria, decrying the influence of social media, the only place where leftwing dissidents have managed to find a small foothold to promote their politics and counter the corporate media narrative
Equally, the Guardian has made clear who its true heroes are.
Certainly not Corbyn or Assange, who threaten to disrupt the entrenched neoliberal order that is hurtling us towards climate breakdown and economic collapse.
Its pages, however, are readily available to the latest effort to prop up the status quo from Tony Blair, the man who led Britain, on false pretences, into the largest crime against humanity in living memory – the attack on Iraq
The Guardian has painted social media chiefly as a platform overrun by Russian trolls, arguing that this should justify ever-tighter restrictions that have so far curbed critical voices of the dissident left more than the right
That “humanitarian intervention” cost the lives of many hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and created a vacuum that destabilised much of the Middle East, sucked in Islamic jihadists like al-Qaeda and ISIS, and contributed to the migrant crisis in Europe that has fuelled the resurgence of the far-right.
None of that is discussed in the Guardian or considered grounds for disqualifying Blair as an arbiter of what is good for Britain and the world’s future
The Guardian also has an especial soft spot for blogger Elliot Higgins, who, aided by the Guardian, has shot to unlikely prominence as a self-styled “weapons expert”.
Like Luke Harding, Higgins invariably seems ready to echo whatever the British and American security services need verifying “independently
Higgins and his well-staffed website Bellingcat have taken on for themselves the role of arbiters of truth on many foreign affairs issues, taking a prominent role in advocating for narratives that promote US and NATO hegemony while demonising Russia, especially in highly contested arenas such as Syria
Improbably, the Guardian has adopted Higgins as the poster-boy for a supposed citizen journalism it has sought to undermine as “fake news” whenever it occurs on social media without the endorsement of state-backed organisations
The truth is that the Guardian has not erred in this latest story attacking Assange, or in its much longer-running campaign to vilify him.
With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative
Reporter Luke Harding’s latest article, claiming that Donald Trump’s disgraced former campaign manager Paul Manafort secretly visited Assange in Ecuador’s embassy in London on three occasions, is so full of holes that even hardened opponents of Assange in the corporate media are struggling to stand by it
The propaganda function of the piece is patent
For the sake of money they would have done anything
Hadeed did not introduce any evidence to the judge about a pattern of possible fraud by Abid, the timing of the move as it relates to the federal criminal case, or the mental capacity of the dying man to understand paperwork
You have no control over [Gilani], do you
I don’t understand why the witness is having such trouble with the question
There are possibilities that [Imran] or them might have been selling [House] information
Why is that even relevant
Why do your signatures look different
So seriously that J Street can't decide
Ms. Ford may believe her story to be true, but the lack of any credible corroborating evidence, her partial memory of details surrounding the alleged incident, and the absence of any pattern of such sexual misconduct by Judge Kavanaugh undercut the reliability of her version of the incident
why didn't Senator Feinstein set the ball rolling back in July when she first received word of the allegation
What proof of this can possibly be offered?
How can we know
the author of the letter falls headlong into the very error Pius XII warns against
how shallow Catholic thinking on the death penalty has become and how far it has deviated from the age-old doctrine of the Church
still the incompetent, clueless authorities know nothing.
local and federal authorities are refusing to fill in the blanks.
That’s the information they seek to blackout.
Why are the people responsible for these wars still being listened to
How could the Beltway GOP not see
What had a quarter century of Bushite free trade produced?
Could Republicans not see
About which of half a dozen wars were they right
Do they believe their old agenda of open borders, amnesty, free trade globalism and democracy-crusading can become America's agenda again?
With all due respect to Dr. Fastiggi, his argument and that of Buttiglione, that a “move away from sin” is what is pleasing to God, even if the moral norm is not adhered to, is sophistical.
I respectfully suggest that Dr. Fastiggi’s comments evince a need for serious study and reflection before he ventures further opinions on this controversy in public.
Some people point to Brenda Snipes, Broward’s Elections chief, for her troubling history of election transgressions
It looks like Democrats may have hurt their own interests by misleading their voters.
They may have believed that they were supplying the correct information, but they still should not have altered official documents without verifying that they were right, which they weren’t
Like the invasion of Iraq, it was based on lies
Thanks largely to her, Libya became a breeding ground for ISIS and other jihadists.
Thanks largely to her, tens of thousands of refugees fled in peril across the Mediterranean, and many drowned
She offered no evidence — nor was asked for any — to back her grave allegations
until she was told she could not do this: that Assange had committed no crime: that WikiLeaks was a publisher, whose work was protected under Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, to which Australia was one of the original signatories
How was this victim overlooked by investigators but known by Intellihub?
Who was this victim?
a massive cover-up of the truth, the F.B.I.
and LVMPD
law enforcement investigators have never asked to see the footage.
Will the F.B.I.
and LVMPD please explain what in the Hell is going on here?
How many more victims went ignored by investigators?
were people getting haircuts at the crime scene?
how badly Trump does his job
reflected the reality-TV star’s weakness as a presidential candidate
Trump hasn’t learned it yet
Trump is easily manipulated by those around him
Trump and his White House staff failed to do their jobs
ossified bureaucracies incapable of acting quickly and decisively
Do you want a Church that remains silent when she should speak … a Church that does not condemn the suppression of conscience and does not stand up for the just liberty of the people … a Church that locks herself up within the four walls of her temple in unseemly sycophancy
Where is the voice of conscience to condemn what is happening to Julian Assange, whose only “crime” is publishing documents exposing the criminal activities and corruption of governments and other Establishment elites
One might ask, is “unseemly sycophancy” at work among the media
What kind of man is this
You’re wrong, Mr. President
the former Alabama senator “never took control of the Justice Department
but British establishment politicians have done everything they could to sabotage that vote since then
No sane person is saying that the West should go to war with the entire Islamic world
Another problem with Farage’s statement is that it manifests a remarkable ignorance of history.
While he is deeply concerned that British people not begin to think that resisting jihad terror means that they are in a “battle” with the “entire religion” of Islam, he appears unaware of the fact that many Muslims throughout history have considered their entire religion to be at war with the entire non-Muslim world
Nigel Farage has become just another mainstream hack politician
Not only did the coroner drag his feet and release the autopsy reports late Wednesday, but all of the names were redacted in the reports, with no mention of ballistic data, bullet caliber, or trajectories
Willfully Ignorant FBI Can't Discover Motive For Muslim Jihadi Who Drove Into Propane Tanks At Travis Air Force Base
Of course, even if they had found those things, given their track record of denial and deception, they may still be searching for Kazi’s motive
How did that work in Libya?
Does anyone really think Iran will be better off if Trump puts a bunch of “former” terrorists in charge of the country?
How can one avoid concluding that the reason they do not provide the documentation is that they know it confirms my testimony
Now, the pope’s reply to my testimony was: “I will not say a word!” But then, contradicting himself, he has compared his silence to that of Jesus in Nazareth and before Pilate
But how can journalists discover and know the truth if those directly involved with a matter refuse to answer any questions or to release any documents
Many more instances have recently been documented in the press, showing that Pope Francis has defended homosexual clergy who committed serious sexual abuses against minors or adults
instead of taking the measures that every good pastor would have taken, the pope made McCarrick one of his principal agents in governing the Church, in regard to the United States, the Curia, and even China, as we are seeing these days with great concern and anxiety for that martyr Church
The pope’s unwillingness to respond to my charges and his deafness to the appeals by the faithful for accountability are hardly consistent with his calls for transparency and bridge building
did the pope refuse to carry out a Vatican investigation into McCarrick’s crimes and of those responsible for covering them up
Instead of preaching out against sin, they advocate for that which God clearly condemns, thereby making war against God (Micah 3:5), which at length destroys our government, our country and our families
How often I see and hear the professors of Christianity today walking contrary to the word and spirit of the Living Christ
How willing they are to overlook judgment when it comes to the criminals that run rampant in this country, and on the other hand how willing they are to show compassion to the criminals while overlooking the victims
Professed Christians in America today talk much of love through inaction, and yet know nothing of it (1 John 3:18).
They read what to do, but do it not!
In fact, they declare and proclaim how much they love God, and yet if you were to have them read His moral law and look to their own lives, they would find how much they actually hate God through their actions (Matthew 15:8
Instead of reaching out to the greatest demographic here in America, public high schools, they send missionaries to foreign lands to do there what they fail to do for their own here.
Instead of fighting for their posterity and shutting down the illegalities of sodomy in all 50 states, they teach them to just do their best to understand that they cannot help themselves while God say’s the opposite (Leviticus 20:18
Instead of fighting on their behalf against the federal government that is illegally indoctrinating them, they simply give their kids over to them to be dumbed down
And instead of protesting the murder of 58 million innocent babies (Proverbs 6:17), they merely pass it off as a "choice," that being the lessons that they learned from the media that they say that they do not believe (Romans 1:18).
The American Church, instead of protesting corruption in government through the example of the Biblical patriarchs and our American forefathers (Matthew 5:17-18), teach to submit to tyranny as if to suggest that it is somehow obedience to God (Romans 12:21
The Church in America has failed to keep the Commandments of the God of Israel
Look to their feigned strength that they profess to possess.
It is gauged by simply looking to the prevailing immoralities and debauchers of society.
They are weak and pathetic and they have no excuses as to why America is where we is today
through tolerance and apathy Americans are bringing upon themselves destruction
How do you show mercy to a people who observe lying vanities (Jonah 2:4) and refuse to return to the Lord (Jeremiah 6:16) on His terms
What are these people smoking?
The move creates some big questions about both the administration’s foreign policy ambitions as well as the president’s relationship with the deep state
why did a BDS-led campaign name and shame me for my affiliation with a Jewish organization, and call on students to remove me from student government for this reason
If BDS is not anti-Semitic, why was I barred from participating in student government because of my Jewish identity
If Francis was not listening to the commission about Barros, whom was he listening to
By what possible stretch of the imagination would such an occupant be suited for the Chair of Peter
There are too many contrary instances of popes the Holy Spirit obviously would not have picked!” Bergoglio is undeniably one of them
Bergoglio has deposed himself by promulgating heresy, fracturing the Church’s universal discipline respecting marriage and the Eucharist, and undermining the teaching of even his own immediate predecessors on matters of fundamental morality upheld by the Magisterium for two millennia
a Pope who relentlessly attacks her very foundations
And are we not in the midst of schisms already, provoked by none other than Bergoglio himself, whose insane drive to shatter the Church’s bimillennial discipline has produced the totally unprecedented situation in which what is still considered mortally sinful in one diocese is an imperative of “mercy” in another
the bishops and, above all, the Successor of Peter fail to maintain and transmit faithfully and in unity the deposit of faith contained in Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture
a Pope who, as a prominent cardinal declares to the whole world, “fail[s] to maintain and transmit faithfully … the deposit of faith contained in Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture” and is leading “an apostasy from the truth
Does Francis know he sounds like an abuser
This is how abusers talk.
They’re not content with power; they have to keep their victims doubting and blaming themselves constantly, so they don’t become a threat.
Whether Francis knows it or not, this is how he sounds
But he is not making it easy.
I am not saying he is an abuser.
But he sounds like one
This is evidently of no consequence to a President who cares about nothing about the country and everything about his narrow self-interest
Suspiciously, Ford can’t –or won’t— say when or where the alleged incident happened and can provide few details
To teach with such a seemingly intentional lack of clarity inevitably risks sinning against the Holy Spirit, the Spirit of truth.
We must ask ourselves why this hasn’t happened
What didn’t emerge was the whole conflict of interest in this hearing.
The judge’s husband is a figure deep within the national security establishment in Britain who was named in WikiLeaks documents.
Because there is no serious media examining the whole WikiLeaks witch hunt, virtually none of this emerges
her story didn't exactly lend credibility
Ford obviously has mental issues and that was on display on Thursday during her testimony
She wasn't angry it was made public.
Why
but did she go to local law enforcement
the accusations are, after all, still lies, and that there’s still “no evidence” against Barros…?
We cool and hip people don’t hate gays, do we?”
It also calls into question his stated empathy with abuse survivors,
Not that anyone in Rome was trying very hard
Imagine spending all that time studying Islam and yet still misunderstanding its true, peaceful message
We can only hope that learned imams such as Pope Francis and H.R.
McMaster will go to Virginia forthwith and explain to Mohamad Jamal Khweis the proper understanding of the Religion of Peace
This Guardian Fake News Story Proves That The Media Can't Be Trusted
The story was weakly sourced and included some details that seemed unlikely to be true
Unfortunately no western main stream media can any longer be trusted to publish the truth
This defensive Guardian claim is, like its story, evidently completely false.
Wikileaks publicly denied the Guardian's claims 90 minutes before the story was first published.
Manafort asserts that his lawyers had notified the Guardian that the story was false before the Guardian 'proceeded with the story
The story was completely false and the Guardian knew it was.
It disregarded and left out the denials the subjects of the story had issued before it was published
The Guardian has become a main outlet for British government disinformation operations aimed at defaming Russia.
It smeared Assange and Snowden as Russian collaborators.
It uncritically peddled the Russiagate story and the nonsensical Skripal claims which are both obviously concocted by British intelligence services.
That seems to have become its main purpose
This Guardian Fake News Story Proves That The Media Can't Be Trusted
While it earlier made attempts to balance its shoddier side with some interesting reporting, it is now solidly main stream in the worst sense.
It promotes neo-liberalism and a delves into cranky identity grievances stories.
It also became an main outlet for manipulative propaganda peddled by the British secret services
In letter today to Assange's lawyers, Guardian's Luke Harding, winner of Private Eye's Plagiarist of the Year, falsely claims jailed former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort had secret meetings with Assange in 2013, 2015 and 2016 in story Guardian are "planning to run
But several people who had followed the Russiagate fairytale and the Mueller investigation were immediately suspicious of the Guardian claim
In sum, the Guardian published a story today that it knew would explode into all sorts of viral benefits for the paper and its reporters even though there are gaping holes and highly sketchy aspects to the story
Moreover, the main author of the story, Luke Harding, is known to be a notorious fraud, a russo-phobe intelligence asset with a personal grievance towards Assange and Wikileaks
Take for example Luke Harding of the Guardian who just published a book titled Collusion: Secret Meetings, Dirty Money, and How Russia Helped Donald Trump Win.
He was taken apart in a Real News interview (vid) about the book.
The interviewer pointed out that there is absolutely no evidence in the book to support its claims.
When asked for any proof for his assertion Harding defensively says that he is just "storytelling" - in other words: it is fiction.
Harding earlier wrote a book about Edward Snowden which was a similar sham.
Julian Assange called it "a hack job in the purest sense of the term".
Harding is also known as plagiarizer.
When he worked in Moscow he copied stories and passages from the now defunct Exile, run by Matt Taibbi and Mark Ames.
The Guardian had to publish an apology
The new Guardian story looked like another weak attempt to connect the alleged Russian malfeasance with Assange and the Wikileaks publishing of the DNC emails.
Assange and other involved people deny that such a relation existed.
There is no public evidence that support such claims
While most readers with functional critical thinking capacity may readily dismiss the Guardian’s smear on its face, the fact that the Guardian published this piece, and that Luke Harding is still operating with even the tiniest modicum of respect as a journalist despite his history of deceit, tells us something bone-chilling about journalism
With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative
We have previously shown that the Guardian even uses fascist propaganda tropes to smear the Russian people.
It is openly publishing Goebbels' cartoons and rhetoric against Europes biggest state.
There is no longer any line that it does not dare to cross.
Unfortunately other 'western' media are not much better
Politico allowed "a former CIA officer," writing under a pen name, to suggest - without any evidence - that the Guardian has been duped - not by its MI5/6 and Ecuadorian spy sources, but by Russian disinformation
Is it possible someone planted this story as a means to discredit the journalists
The is zero evidence in the Politico screed that supports its suggestions and claims.
It is fake news about a fake news story
Its recent fake news story about Paul Manafort, Wikileaks and Julian Assange aptly demonstrates this
No evidence of fraud in #FloridaElection
Why she wasn't fired a long time ago is beyond anyone's ability to answer, but Broward County election supervisor Brenda Snipes has resigned amid what is clearly voter fraud that she oversaw
She ignored a court order, mixed invalid provisional ballots in with valid ones, and destroyed ballots, but don't worry, a Democrat attorney says that doing so has nothing to do with fraud or corruption
his record indicates that he all but cannot stand the Fourth and he’s not that big a fan of the First either
he shouldn’t even be in this position based solely on his previous record
The only question is will the Senate confirm one who is really bad on the #4thAmendment
You, Dicky Durban [sic], are a complete FRAUD
How could Ryan possibly know this?
Isn’t he prejudging the case without even finding out what actually happened?
Haig did not mention the incendiary rounds -- which are meant to ignite what they hit -- in Friday's news conference
Is this what Bolton has in mind for North Korea?
Was Trump involved in this intrigue?
how many more are there
Further, the FBI insists there is no jihad motive, while saying they don’t know his motive
That raised a number of question
Are they for real?
Do the FBI and law enforcement think people won’t talk about it or speculate as to what happened?
Are they for real?
contradicting a timeline they had offered earlier this week….
These discrepancies on basic facts are feeding conspiracy theories.
Protecting the image of Islam, not protecting the public, still seems to be the most important priority for all too many American officials
“Hard to do much else when the witness conveniently has no corroborating evidence, no memory of any verifiable facts of what happened, and everyone she says was present at the alleged incident--even her best friend--has denied it.”
Ford has a bad long-term memory and a bad short-term memory
porn star lawyers with facially implausible claims
is there a political motivation for your coming forward with your account of the assault by Brett Kavanaugh
If they're really concerned with going to the truth, why wouldn't you want to talk to the accused
will be much happier now
a lot of us can just shout out, “What are you thinking?” as President Donald Trump brings CIA Director Mike Pompeo, a man that blasted the likes of Edward Snowden for revealing the crimes of our government, to the State Department and installs Gina Haspel in the position of head of the Central Intelligence Agency
The new CIA Director Haspel, who ‘tortured some folks,’ probably can’t travel to the EU to meet other spy chiefs without facing arrest due to an @ECCHRBerlin complaint to Germany’s federal prosecutor
The new CIA Director Haspel, who "tortured some folks," probably can't travel to the EU to meet other spy chiefs without facing arrest due to an @ECCHRBerlin complaint to Germany's federal prosecutor
they want the public to believe
His mere existence appears to have been fabricated by the very authorities who are cramming lies down our throats about this massacre for the sake of political agendas.
mysteriously vanished into thin air
they desperately want us to believe
Can the same be said for the Obama Administration
So each time something like this happens, they’re back at Square One, trying to figure out motive
This may seem an innocent mistake on the imam’s part, but his actions against the gay community and sinister views are anything but.
Would a Republican get a pass on meeting with a racist hate group leader
Really?
What, like the CIA was using typewriters instead of computers and pay telephones instead of cell phones
nullity, how can an individual priest be capable of making such a judgment having to do with the eternal salvation of the soul in question?
 “If this was a college student or Swedish kid would he be charged with murder?”
Google has yet to answer why their search results for the word “Idiot” are vastly different from DuckDuckGo
Maybe that’s why they refused to appear before Congress last week
But Jewish groups on and off campus have denounced the report as flawed, saying it missed the significance of an anti-Semitic text circulated online before Noah Lew was removed from the board last fall
The Jewish groups said this anti-Semitic rhetoric “was used to encourage students to vote specifically against Noah Lew.
It is under this context that the (general assembly) occurred, and the report fundamentally misunderstands this, which alters the entire findings of the report
Australia is both a country and a continent.
It's the only country that is both.
I provided a resource in the first email that clarifies that for you.
If you need further clarification google or the SNHU Shapiro Library has that information you
her professor believed Australia 'is not a country
the professor incorrectly thought Australia "is not a country
Australia is a continent; it is not a country
Slowly but surely we are beginning to see the truth about the horrific attack come to light despite authorities desperately trying to prevent it from reaching the American people.
Sadly, the picture emerging is one that includes a shocking amount of evidence pointing towards a classic deep state false flag operation.
That supposedly great newspaper titles like the Guardian, New York Times and Washington Post are involved in the spreading of lies to damage Assange, and are seeking his imprisonment for publishing state secrets, is clear evidence that the idea of the “liberal media” no longer exists in the new plutocratic age.
The press are not on the side of the people, they are an instrument of elite control
Previously Harding and the Guardian have published documents faked by the Moreno government regarding a diplomatic appointment to Russia for Assange of which he had no knowledge.
Now they follow this up with more documents aimed to provide fictitious evidence to bolster Mueller’s pathetically failed attempt to substantiate the story that Russia deprived Hillary of the Presidency
The right wing Ecuadorean government of President Moreno continues to churn out its production line of fake documents regarding Julian Assange, and channel them straight to MI6 mouthpiece Luke Harding of the Guardian
I knew the US security services were conducting a fake investigation the moment it became clear that the FBI did not even themselves look at the DNC servers, instead accepting a report from the Clinton linked DNC “security consultants” Crowdstrike
But to see the partisans of the defeated candidate (and a particularly obnoxious defeated candidate) manipulate the security services and the media to create an entirely false public perception, in order to attempt to overturn the result of the US Presidential election, is the most astonishing thing I have witnessed in my lifetime
Luke Harding, the Guardian, Washington Post and New York Times have been publishing a stream of deliberate lies, in collusion with the security services
Sociology helped generate a whole range of fake new academic subjects while corrupting existing ones into a toxic stew of racism and meaningless jargon
Sociology.
You really don't need to know anything
The professor, who has a PhD in philosophy...
Of course she does
emerged in a disappointingly watered-down form
willful intent to commit an act she knew was wrongful
inexplicably concluded
Paddock’s body may have been left in the hotel room while other assailants carried out the shooting
It’s gotta be a set-up
her lawyer is “even loonier
never-credible accusations of sexual abuse
she is going to look like the loon she is
fails to explain why he met with him.
But we've seen that before.
So it likely doesn't represent his views.
Obviously not going to happen.
One can imagine that
Interestingly,
couldn't tell you any of these devices or items if they saw them
Where is Berg's blog post on that?
Where is the AMA statement against the pharmaceutical companies and big government?
Perhaps Arizona will put someone in that actually has a spine rather than living up to Senator Flake's name
This throws their entire narrative into question and makes one wonder what else is being hidden from the public?
seemingly covering up the ISIS connection
so-called evidence
What Else Are They Hiding?
cannot be trusted and should be considered as disinformation
But Democratize SSMU was anything but democratic
Judging by past “investigations” conducted by other schools – SFSU, CUNY and UCI, to name a few – I am not optimistic
and all of the wrongdoing that was done by various officials within the Department of Justice, the FBI and the DNC [Democratic National Committee
Does this new footage reveal muzzle flashes from helicopters, an air assault, on the night of the massacre?
I]f Cardinal Wuerl was unaware of the sanctions, and unaware of the reason for them, why did he ask no questions of the nuncio regarding the reason for his demand
If, as he now continues to state, he knew nothing of the abuses committed by McCarrick and the measures taken by Pope Benedict, how can his answer be explained
the Church’s supreme pastor, who in the case of McCarrick not only did not oppose evil but associated himself in doing evil with someone he knew to be deeply corrupt
Ignoring eleven pages of detail, written and published under oath, he suggests there has been no “Documentation
who covered up homosexual rape committed by a priest against his own nephew,has supported “same-sex marriage,” and advised the King of Belgium to sign a law legalizing abortion in 1990
Yet there is little doubt they will continue the same polemic that for nearly sixty years has doggedly defended every one of the ruinous “reforms” that have resulted in a debacle without equal in Church history
a trafficker in conspiracy theories who mixes fact, fiction and venom
 he “has a history” of “innuendo and conspiracy theorie
if those people believe it, it can’t be true
The struggle, to the extent there even was one, obviously has been lost
details conveniently ignored by Winters, Allen and Shea
He is the very exemplar of the crisis we must still endure
the men who control this establishment will never restore it to anything resembling the vibrant Church that a long line of militant, uncompromising Popes delivered into their hands at Vatican II
However, he failed to acknowledge receipt of my two letters, contrary to what he customarily did
he put other seminarians at risk
Does Pope Francis have an enemies list
the same Pope who sacks conservative bishops and cardinals according to his pleasure and has just removed a cardinal from the College of Cardinals in an unprecedented disciplinary act under fire from the media, is somehow powerless to dismiss Modernist bishops who have created an obscene “gay culture” in the Church and replace them with orthodox, normal heterosexual males
Francis cannot “simply fire” even Cardinal Wuerl, who covered up crimes of homosexual predation by the priests he transferred elsewhere while Archbishop of Pittsburgh, and who authorized payment of $900,000 in hush money to bury sexual abuse claims against a homosexual priest involved in the production of child pornography
And how does the Church “address” a massive infestation by homosexual priests and prelates without removing them from authority and ensuring that they cannot promote homosexual successors for generation after generation
You are the Pope’s representative in the US, and you are urging me to read a book that questions what the secretary of state wrote
The authors of the letter even lie about the nature of the broad-based request, claiming Trump is selectively declassifying information to save himself
If Islam is a good religion in itself, as you seem to teach, why did we become Catholic
Why not Monday?
Does she have an important dentist appointment she can't get out of
even a mediocre defense attorney could shatter her credibility within minutes under cross-examination
overestimating the integrity of the "supportive" lawmakers and lawyers currently handling her
If this had been such a pivotal moment for her, how could she have forgotten any those facts
Did he know something that Stephen Paddock was going to do
The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt.
Disgraceful
why don't they bring up his involvement in the Vince Foster cover-up
but not surprising, given this administration’s worship at the altar of gun rights
Why on earth would the Trump administration make it easier for terrorists and gunmen to produce undetectable plastic guns
Credit for this dangerous scenario — in which getting an AR-15-style rifle is just a matter of a few computer clicks — goes to the Trump administration for its inexplicable decision to settle a lawsuit it was on the verge of winning
Wills is no more trustworthy when he deals with the question of violence in the Qur’an
Wills doesn’t mention the existence of such interpretations, even to dismiss them
Likewise, when he claims that the Qur’an has “not a thing” to say about Sharia, he appears unaware that the Qur’an is one of the sources of Sharia
Again and again it turns out that Wills has ignored key passages in order to make his case
How would Garry Wills explain all that?
He can’t
That would be good to know, were Wills a reliable witness.
Unfortunately, he proves to be just the opposite
Wills, not surprisingly, does not offer any quotation from me to back up his false claim
He ignores the fact that some Islamic authorities see this passage as calling for nothing less than unlimited warfare against non-Muslims
Wills has omitted all mention of the primary Qur’anic passage on this topic
Wills’ naïve, inaccurate, misleadingly sunny view of the Qur’an
Wills never mentions Qur’an 9:29, which commands Muslims to wage war against Jews and Christians and subjugate them as inferiors under the rule of Sharia
Wills doesn’t give any source for it
if the Islamic holy book is really as peaceful and benign as Garry Wills makes it out to be, why do so very many Muslims worldwide misunderstand it
What we do know so far tends to undercut the credibility of Ms. Ford’s accusation
Whatever corroboration Ms. Ford was hoping for from “witnesses” she claimed were at the alleged party is non-existent
The only problem with Dr. Friedman’s thesis is that Ms. Ford has apparently forgotten such key details surrounding the alleged sexual assault as when and where it happened and how she got home
she doubts Judge Kavanaugh’s credibility because of “how he approaches his cases
Ford is lying or suffering from some kind of psychological disorder such as false memory syndrome
Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh
the fact remains that the official story has been proven, time and time again, to be absolutely false and in fact nothing more than a pathetic attempt at a cover-up.
Amazingly,
strobes” it remains unlikely
While we may never know
government is covering up a big story about terrorism.
something is not adding up,”
the president dictated a misleading statement about it a year later and it remains murky just when he learned about the meeting
Trump also continued to cast himself as a victim in the matter, saying when he attempts to “FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt,” his critics “scream Obstruction
But legal experts say anyone in Trump’s orbit would be charged with conspiracy, making false statements to federal investigators or obstructing justice.
All are federal crimes
Becerra — now California’s Democratic attorney general — failed to ensure that the Awans didn’t have access to House computer systems during the 2016 election, which was wrought with cybersecurity scandals
He didn’t provide any support for his claim, which is contrary to evidence Kiko and Irving presented to Congress
Why was the ringleader of the widespread Muslim spy scandal just offered a plea deal?
Who has been exposed to blackmail and God knows what else?
And how deeply has America been compromised
It’s unclear why that request was not granted or why it was a request rather than an order
These are odd statements coming from Pope Francis, a world-class Islamopanderer; notice that he said nothing about who was doing the persecuting, and implied that it was the fault of powers outside the Middle East.
Why, we ask the western world, why not raise one’s voice over so much ferocity and injustice
?
The Catholic Church is following Pope Francis’ lead, and Francis has said: “Christian terrorism does not exist, Jewish terrorism does not exist, and Muslim terrorism does not exist.
They do not exist.” And he has also said: “Authentic Islam and the proper reading of the Koran are opposed to every form of violence
Why are your bishops silent on a threat that is yours today as well
Maybe it's the authorities who are insane
Republicans have pointed to embattled Broward Elections chief Brenda Snipes’ record of past election gaffes in arguing that the largely Democratic country is tilted against them — perhaps fraudulently so
Keep in mind, this is all information that the police and the FBI has hidden
One can only speculate as to what the reasons for these lies actually are?
given Francis’s usual methods, it’s anyone’s guess who in reality is actually dealing with these cases, if anyone
Who was in that room?
half-baked theological notions,
When will something be done about these tech and social media companies
In the next paragraph, Murillo again openly admits she was not “objective” when it came to the election
only to undercut her own commentary in later passages in the emails by openly admitting the entire effort to boost Latino turnout using Google products with official company resources was to elect Clinton over Trump
another indication that Google’s efforts were clearly attempting to use company resources to elect Democrat Clinton over Republican Trump and influence the results of the election
How in the world can we trust them
Peter Strzok, a key investigator on both the Clinton email case and the investigation of Russia and the Trump campaign, assured an FBI lawyer in August 2016 that “we’ll stop” Trump from making it to the White House
we did not have confidence that Strzok’s decision to prioritize the Russia investigation over following up on the Midyear-related investigative lead discovered on the Weiner laptop was free from bias
“unpersuasive,” “illogical,” and inconsistent
Could we possibly say, for instance, that it’s impossible to judge the presidency of Donald Trump relative to past presidents
Were priests throughout history in fact misleading their divorced and remarried parishioners by telling them they could not receive communion
taken together as a whole, it’s far too suspicious to lend it any credibility
they demonstrate their lack of understanding about how things work in Washington, D.C
Don’t make me laugh
For anyone who has a critical, analytical, independent mindset, the official story is filled with holes.
But how likely is that
commentators should do more complete research, maybe even use Google, before they jump to conclusions.
he failed to conclude his article with one great big important point about former CIA Director Richard Helms.
Shapira failed to note that Helms was convicted in a federal district court of lying to Congress under oath
Have you ever heard of a close election in which a recount and “found” ballots gave the Republican victory
Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him ‘back in play.’ Bill Nelson conceded Election — now he’s back in play
Her own details of the event don’t jibe (Four boys or three?
One girl or two
why has Grassley so far allowed himself to be played by the Dems
the pope is not man of true conviction.
How is it possible that the pope gives the authorization to this change?
How is it possible the pope signed this decree?
Signed this constitution
in the application process, he lied to military recruiters about a recent trip he'd taken to Jordan in a failed attempt to make contact with the Islamic State and join a "real Muslim Army
In the process, however, he misidentified Hasan as Nidal Hussein and said the shooting happened at Fort Knox in Kentucky.
He also said Hasan had died a martyr, though in fact he remains alive on military death row
Patel agreed to bring it by, but two days later he told the State Department he had accidentally thrown it away in October and needed a new one
What has the NRA done for you lately
Again, and I have asked this before, how do you fight the Deep State by putting Deep State operatives in these positions?
How do you drain the swamp by adding to it?
did she really think she or anyone would be safe?
Safe by surrender?
When did they ever work in the history of humankind?
And just what kind of policies are we talking about?
