  Berlin (AFP) – A MP of German far-right party AfD has been ordered to pay damages to the son of tennis star Boris Becker over a racist slur posted on the lawmaker’s Twitter account, Spiegel Online reported Tuesday.  A tweet sent from the account of Jens Maier, a former judge, had attacked Noah Becker for reportedly complaining about being seen as the “eternal son” of his famous father.      “It seems the little half-negro simply got too little attention,” read the tweet posted about a year ago.  Maier claims he did not write the tweet, saying one of his staff had posted it.  But Becker’s lawyer Christian-Oliver Moser told the magazine he was glad the court did not accept Maier’s defence.    “I am particularly pleased that the accused was unsuccessful with his argument that he did not himself write the tweet,” said Moser.  A spokesman for Berlin’s courts told Spiegel that 15,000 euros (US$17,000) in compensation has been awarded to Becker. Maier has also been ordered to pay lawyers’ fees.  AfD deputies have repeatedly come under fire over controversial comments.  German police last year filed a complaint against senior party member Beatrix von Storch over a New Year’s Eve tweet which they say violated laws against incitement to hate.  Von Storch had criticised Cologne police for sending a New Year’s greeting in Arabic on Twitter, asking if authorities had meant “to placate the barbaric, Muslim, gang-raping hordes of men?”  On Tuesday, Germany’s domestic intelligence agency said it will step up monitoring for political extremism in the AfD, a blow to the party in a busy election year.  Railing against a record influx of asylum seekers to Germany since 2015, the AfD won 13 percent of the vote in 2017 national elections, becoming the biggest opposition party in the Bundestag.  
  London (AFP) – Irish band The Cranberries released the first song of its final album Tuesday, exactly one year after lead singer Dolores O’Riordan was found drowned in a London hotel bathtub.  The band dropped the new track ahead of the April release of their eighth and last album “In the End,” after which the rock group — best known for 90s-era hits including “Zombie,” “Linger”, and “Dreams” — will split after three decades together.      Band members Noel Hogan, Mike Hogan, and Fergal Lawler finished the new 11-song album using demo vocals O’Riordan completed in December 2017, they said on Instagram.  “We remembered how Dolores had been so energised by the prospect of making this record and getting back out on the road to play the songs live, and realised that the most meaningful thing to do was to finish the album we had started with her,” the group said.   “It was a very emotional process for us,” they said. “Knowing that we would never get to play these songs live made it even more difficult.”    But, they concluded, “we felt that this is what she would want.”  The lead single has an unmistakable Cranberries vibe, a sorrowful but moving track that features O’Riordan repeating the eerily prescient lyric “It’s all over now.”  The group is releasing the music with approval from the family of O’Riordan, who died aged 46.  A London coroner ruled that she had died from accidental drowning due to intoxication, but found no evidence of injuries or self harm.  “I can’t think of a more fitting way to commemorate the first anniversary of Dolores’ passing and to celebrate her life than to announce to the world the release of her final album with the band,” the singer’s mother Eileen O’Riordan said in a statement.  “I have no doubt that she is happy now and would be delighted with today’s announcement.”  
  Baltimore (AFP) – At age 17, Joseph Sakran was shot in the throat after a high school football game — a life-threatening injury that set him on the path to becoming a doctor.  Now a trauma surgeon who fights to save shooting victims on the operating table, Sakran says gun violence in America is a health crisis that medical professionals can and should help address.      He has become the public face of a campaign to unite doctors, nurses and others who treat gun violence victims in an effort to reduce it, pushing back against the National Rifle Association (NRA) lobby’s assertion that the issue is none of their concern.  “When you look at firearm-related violence… there’s no question that it is a public health crisis that we are facing in this country,” Sakran said at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, where he is director of emergency general surgery.  The 41-year-old doctor said that firearms deaths should be approached like other major threats to health, such as smoking and obesity.    “It falls under the injury prevention piece that we as clinicians and as scientists really consider as… part of our responsibility,” he said.  For Sakran — who said he has talked with “hundreds if not thousands” of gun owners, finding that “we actually have a lot more in common than we have that divides us” — the issue is not banning firearms.  “In the ’60s and ’70s, when people were dying from motor vehicle crashes, we didn’t get rid of cars. We figured out, ‘How do we make cars safer?’”  – ‘This Is Our Lane’ –  As someone who both survived a gunshot wound and treats them, Sakran was “a little bit incensed” when the NRA took aim at the involvement of doctors in the debate over gun violence.    Firearms killed nearly 40,000 people in the US in 2017, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. And despite the scale of the problem, efforts to address it legislatively have long been largely deadlocked at the federal level.  “Someone should tell self-important anti-gun doctors to stay in their lane,” the NRA tweeted in November, calling out a particular medical journal for publishing what it deemed to be too many articles backing gun control.    “I think there was a significant amount of outrage from the medical community — and not just non-gun owners but also gun owners — for a group to say that we are not part of the solution,” Sakran said.  He started the @ThisIsOurLane account on Twitter, which currently has over 28,000 followers.  Sakran is one of the leaders of a campaign of the same name and has argued on social media, in print and on television that medical professionals are in fact “in their lane” when discussing gun violence.    This Is Our Lane has several aims: communicating about firearms violence, research, educating medical professionals about how to discuss issues such as safe gun storage with patients, and pushing for “common-sense legislation to be passed,” he said.  And while it came about as a response to the NRA’s message, This Is Our Lane is ultimately “not about us versus them,” Sakran said.  “This is really about… working together to engage as Americans and ensure that we’re making communities safer.”  – ‘On the front line’ –  Sakran’s journey to becoming a doctor began in 1994, when he was spending time with friends after the first football game of the high school season in Burke, Virginia.  A fight broke out and Sakran saw a flash as someone opened fire, striking him in the neck and another person in the shoulder.  “I noticed very quickly that I must have been hit because I had a lot of blood all over me,” he said.  He made it to the street curb and sat down, but was drenched in so much blood that it was difficult to determine where he had been shot.   When his friends tried to lay him down, he started to choke.  Sakran was brought to an area hospital, where a piece of vein was taken out of his leg to patch up his carotid artery.  He was hospitalized for weeks, required multiple operations and still bears scars on his neck from the surgery that saved him.  “That moment really inspired me, inspired me to go into medicine, it inspired me to become a trauma surgeon,” Sakran said.  He eventually returned to that same hospital as an emergency room technician and later as a medical student and a surgical resident, training with the same people who saved his life.  For Sakran, medical professionals have a unique perspective on gun violence from treating and caring for its victims and their families, one they can bring into the discussion.  “We’re on the front line of taking care of the patients that are being injured and brought into our trauma centers,” he said. “We see them in their most vulnerable and difficult times.”  
  LOS ANGELES (AP) — New York real estate heir Robert Durst is charged with one count of murder, but will have to defend himself in three killings at trial later this year in California.  Los Angeles prosecutors won a victory Tuesday in persuading a judge to allow jurors to hear that Durst killed a man in Galveston, Texas, in 2001, dismembered his body and tossed it out to sea.      Durst was acquitted of murder after testifying he shot Morris Black in self-defense, but prosecutors argued that Black’s death and the killing of Susan Berman in Los Angeles in 2000 were both part of an effort to cover up the slaying of Durst’s wife years earlier.  “That man beat a murder in Galveston,” Deputy District Attorney John Lewin said. “He’s not going to get away a second time.”  Durst, 75, faces trial Sept. 3 in Los Angeles Superior Court in Berman’s death. He has pleaded not guilty.    Prosecutors contend Durst, who is reportedly worth $100 million, killed his first wife, Kathleen Durst, in New York in 1982 and disposed of her body. She was reported missing and has never been found.  Durst has denied any involvement in the disappearance of his wife, who is presumed dead. But he allegedly told Berman, his best friend, about what he did and she helped him cover up the crime for years, according to testimony at previous hearings.  New York authorities reopened the case in 2000 and planned to talk to Berman, but Durst got to her first, prosecutors said. He ambushed Berman in her home near Beverly Hills and shot her in the back of the head, prosecutors said.  Durst, who inherited a fortune from his family’s New York City real estate empire, went into hiding in Galveston disguised as a mute woman living in a low-rent apartment.  He befriended Black, his neighbor, who eventually figured out his true identity. Prosecutors claim Durst killed Black to prevent him from revealing his whereabouts.    Durst provided a different story, testifying that Black confronted him with a gun one day and he accidentally shot the older man during a struggle for the pistol. Durst testified that he panicked and dismembered the body and tossed it in garbage bags in Galveston Bay.  Durst’s lawyers argued that it was unfair to present evidence of Black’s killing during the Berman case because he had been cleared by a jury and should not be on trial for the same crime.  “The second the Morris Black acquittal comes before this jury it’s game over,” said defense lawyer Chip Lewis.  Judge Mark Windham said he would allow the evidence because the “events seem to be intertwined” and it would be up to jurors to decide if the two killings were part of an effort to dodge New York detectives.  “These crimes happened — both of them — during the flight, during the hiding, at the time he believes he’s going to be prosecuted,” Windham said. “He leaves town, and two people are killed.”    It will be up to the judge to instruct jurors on what they’re allowed to consider about Black’s killing and the suspected slaying of Kathie Durst in weighing evidence in the Berman case.  Peter Johnson, a defense lawyer and law school lecturer at University of California, Los Angeles, said that evidence of two other deaths would make for a difficult defense.  “If you’re looking at once accused of murder, second time accused of murder and now it’s the third time accused of murder, that’s not within the normal juror’s experience,” Johnson said. “I think that does have a significant prejudicial impact on the defendant in this case.”  Durst was arrested in New Orleans in March 2015, just hours before the airing of the final episode of HBO’s “The Jinx: The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst.”  The documentary examined the disappearance of his wife, and the killings of Berman and Black.  The HBO series created a sensation after Durst was heard during the finale muttering to himself on a live microphone: “You’re caught! What the hell did I do? Killed them all, of course.”  It’s not clear yet whether jurors will hear that recording, though it’s now likely they will hear testimony linking Durst to three deaths.  
  Thousands of people have gathered in Washington, DC, since the United States Supreme Court ruled in 1973 that abortion on demand is the law of the land. And the March for Life mission is unchanged: Overturn Roe v. Wade so that every unborn child has a future.  Forty-six years later and some 60 million deaths from abortion tallied, organizers feel a renewed hope as technological advances have allowed detailed images of unborn children to reveal their humanity mere weeks after conception.  “Advances in science and technology support the humanity of the child in the earliest, earliest stages in the womb,” Jeanne Mancini, president of March for Life told Breitbart News Daily host Alex Marlow ahead of the event on Friday on the National Mall.      Thus, this year’s theme for the march: “Unique From Day One.”  The event begins at 10:00 a.m. with conservative Ben Shapiro doing his popular podcast live from the March for Life stage.  The rally and march start at noon with testimonials from people affected by abortion. Other speakers scheduled to speak include Sen. Steve Daines (R-MT); Rep. Dan Lipinski (D-IL); Rep. Chris Smith (R-NJ); Abby Johnson, former clinic director with Planned Parenthood; Alveda King, director of Civil Rights for the Unborn with Priests for Life; Dr. Kathi Aultman, fellow of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists; Ally Cavazos, president of Princeton Pro-Life; and Archbishop Joseph Naumann, chairman of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops Pro-life Activities Committee.    Marlow asked Mancini about the good nature of the people — mostly 25 years and younger — who join the march every year despite the often bitterly cold winter weather and fierce opposition from the abortion industry.  Mancini said marchers have a sense of hope and joy that they will achieve their goal of making abortion unthinkable.  “But we’re also aware why we’re marching and the sheer loss of life over the last 46 years,” Mancini said. “We’ve lost  60 million Americans to abortion.”  There is a “real sense of grief” at the march but it is overshadowed by the “hope for healing” for those who have suffered from having an abortion and those affected by it, including fathers who often get overlooked in the abortion debate.  The MarchforLife.org website articulates the connection between the pro-life movement and science:    Being pro-life is not in opposition to science. It’s quite the opposite in fact! Medical and technological advancements continue to reaffirm the science behind the pro-life cause – that life begins at fertilization, or day one when egg meets sperm and a new, unique, human embryo is created.  From the moment of fertilization, our DNA is present, whether it’s 23 pairs of chromosomes or 22.  The unique fingerprint that each of us has – distinguishing us from any other human on the planet, is determined by that DNA at day one! Right from the beginning of life, you are becoming the unique, incredible, unrepeatable person that you are!  The website features links to scientific facts about life developing in the womb and its unique humanity.  “That, in essence, is why we march,” the website said. “We march to end abortion, with the vision of a world where the beauty, dignity, and uniqueness of every human life are valued and protected.”  Vice President Mike Pence will be addressing supporters at the Rose Dinner following the march.  Breitbart News Daily broadcasts live on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.  Follow Penny Starr on Twitter  
  Lima (AFP) – With millions of YouTube views and hits on Spotify and iTunes, a group of young nun rockers play one of their biggest gigs next week, and thousands of Catholics, including the pope himself, will lap it up.  It may be rock and roll, but Twisted Sister they ain’t, and sex and drugs are not an option for the Sisters of the Servants of the Plan of God. They play their brand of melodic rock in their traditional habits.      “We’re young sisters,” says 37-year-old guitarist Sister Ivonne of the band, which includes members from Chile, Japan, Ecuador, China and Costa Rica.  “This is another form of bringing our evangelical message, showing our strength — that’s to say, it’s also music that we like, it shows a lot about who we are.”  Known as “Siervas” or Servants, the band plays catchy Christian songs that sound indistinguishable from many of their peers in mainstream rock.    But the appearance is very different, rock’s grunge and glad rags giving way to the nuns’ tried and trusted black and white habits and veils on stage.  – YouTube hit –  With a half-dozen slickly produced videos on YouTube, Siervas has built an international following as it communicates its message of “love, joy, hope.”  Their “Trust in God” music video, which features the nuns playing on a helipad atop a Lima skyscraper, went viral on YouTube with nearly two million views.  And now, the Peru-based sisters will play at the World Youth Day celebrations, a gathering of global Catholic youth in Panama presided over by Pope Francis.     The message at the heart of their music? “We want to reach as many people as possible, and if the pope is included in that, we’re more than satisfied,” said Ivonne, who pens much of the lyrics.  The 11-member band, which performs in Spanish, has previously played for crowds at Francis’ visits to Mexico and Peru.  – Not just music –  “We’re not just working in music, but we take the word of God and his consolation to the prisons, to the disabled,” said Sister Daniela, the drummer from Costa Rica.   Tuesdays, when they are back in Peru, they bring food to the homeless on the streets.    The group will gig at a women’s prison during the trip to Panama. They will also play at a children’s cancer hospital and schools.  “We go to the women’s prisons to listen to them. All they ask is to be listened to and to know God has forgiven them,” said Camila, the 22-year-old Peruvian guitarist.  The band, which has so far visited 11 countries, including the United States, was formed in Lima in 2014 when the young musician nuns from different nationalities came together, said 24-year-old Sister Arisa, from Japan.  “It was God’s plan that we come together,” said Arisa, a violinist.  After months of rehearsal, they held their first concert in the auditorium of the General Command of the Army, helping raise funds for a house for the order in Angola.  The band has undergone several changes to its lineup since 2014, as sisters leave to fulfill their missionary role.  “Until now we have not been able to talk to the pope, we would love it if he approaches us,” said Ivonne, from Chile.   “I wouldn’t know what to say, I think I would faint.”  
  New York (AFP) – The National Hockey League announced on Wednesday that it has shelved plans for a World Cup of Hockey tournament in 2020 following a meeting with the players’ union.  The league and the NHL Players’ Association met earlier Wednesday in Toronto to see if a 2020 event could be part of the next collective bargaining talks.      Both sides issued statements saying talks would continue with the hope of eventually holding another World Cup in the future.    “While the parties have now jointly concluded that it is no longer realistic to try to schedule a World Cup of Hockey for the fall of 2020, they plan to continue their dialogue with a hope of being able to schedule the next World Cup event as part of a broader agreement, which would include a long-term international event calendar,” the NHL said in a statement.  While the Olympic hockey tournament and the World Ice Hockey Championships are organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation, the World Cup of Hockey is run by the NHL.  There have been three World Cup of Hockey tournaments with the last one taking place in 2016. Others were held in 2004 and 1996.  Over the past few months the league and the union have begun informal labour talks. Owners or the players can choose to opt out of the current collective bargaining agreement in September.  The current agreement runs until 2022 unless one side chooses to terminate it early.  
  Melbourne (AFP) – Tennis great Steffi Graf has backed Serena Williams to match and even beat Margaret Court’s record 24 Grand Slam titles, saying the American’s determination and experience will get her over the line.  Williams, 37, has won 23 majors so far over a storied career and is gunning to match Court’s mark at the Melbourne Open on the Australian’s home territory.      She pulled clear of Graf’s 22 by winning at Melbourne Park in 2017 while eight weeks pregnant and many already consider her the greatest of all time.  Graf, who is married to Andre Agassi and no longer actively involved in the game, is back in Melbourne for the first time in 15 years and said Williams still had all the attributes to win more Slams.  “I don’t know if she can do it here (equal the record) but I believe that she can absolutely,” she told the Melbourne Herald Sun Thursday.    “Her game, her serve being such an incredible weapon. I think she at any time is dangerous.   “With the experience she’s had, she’s still so determined and if she enjoys it why not. If her body holds up I do believe that she has a big chance (to pass Court).”  Court won 13 of her 24 Grand Slams before 1968, when the women’s game entered the Open era and became fully professional.  Graf, who won four Australian Opens among her 22 titles, said Williams would almost certainly go down as the greatest ever women’s player, given today’s standards are so much higher.  “I would probably say with the career she’s had, that she’s not even finished at this point, then yes, I would say so,” she said.  Court, 76, said ahead of the tournament that she doesn’t worry about the prospect of being overtaken by Williams and can always take comfort from winning 40 Grand Slam doubles titles to go with her singles crowns.   “I think that no player will be able to beat my record of 64 Grand Slam titles in total,” she said.  
   The risk of suicide is more than four times higher among Americans with cancer than those without the disease, a new study finds.  “Even though cancer is one of the leading causes of death in the United States, most cancer patients do not die from cancer, the patients usually die of another cause,” said researcher Nicholas Zaorsky, a radiation oncologist in the Penn State Cancer Institute.      “There are multiple competing risks for death, and one of them is suicide. Distress and depression can arise from cancer diagnosis, treatment, financial stress and other causes. Ultimately, distress and depression may lead to suicide. Our goal was to quantify the risk of suicide among cancer patients,” Zaorsky said in a Penn State news release.  The suicide risk among cancer patients was highest for white males; people diagnosed at a younger age; and those with lung, head and neck, testicular cancer, and lymphomas. But the study did not prove that a cancer diagnosis actually caused suicide risk to rise.  The findings come from an analysis of data on 8.6 million U.S. cancer patients diagnosed with invasive cancer — which is cancer that’s spread from its original location into surrounding tissue — between 1973 and 2014.    The investigators found that 0.15 percent of the patients died by suicide, a rate more than four times higher than in the general population.  While the risk of suicide among most cancer patients fell within five years after diagnosis, the risk remained high for those with Hodgkin lymphoma and testicular cancer, the findings showed.  The study, published Jan. 14 in Nature Communications, shows the need for a comprehensive approach to cancer care, according to the researchers.  While there have been significant advances in treating cancer, less attention has been paid to the mental and emotional impacts of the disease, Zaorsky noted.  “The interesting thing we found was that it does seem to matter at what age a patient is diagnosed, and what type of cancer that person has,” he said.    “Treatments for some cancers — like leukemia and testicular cancer among adolescents and young adults, for example — can decrease a patient’s fertility, and that seems to be one of the risks for suicide in the long term,” Zaorsky explained.  “In contrast,” he continued, “elderly patients who are diagnosed with lung, prostate, and head and neck cancers, are at an increased risk of suicide for the remainder of their life.”  These findings “could be helpful while developing guidelines and strategies for how and when to screen cancer patients for depression and distress,” Zaorsky said. “For example, aiming suicide-prevention strategies at older patients and those with certain cancers — such as prostate, lung, leukemias and lymphomas — may be beneficial.”  More information  The American Cancer Society has more on cancer and emotional health.  Copyright © 2019 HealthDay. All rights reserved.  
   U.S. dermatologists are prescribing fewer antibiotics overall but are writing more short-term orders for the drugs, a new study finds.  Dermatologists prescribe more antibiotics per doctor than any other medical specialty — more than 7.1 million prescriptions per year, the University of Pennsylvania researchers said.      According to their analysis of 2008-2016 data from privately insured patients, antibiotic prescriptions by dermatologists fell from 3.36 to 2.13 per 100 visits. That works out to about 500,000 fewer antibiotic prescriptions a year.  The drop was significant among patients taking extended courses of antibiotics — down 53 percent over the study period. That includes a 28 percent reduction in antibiotic prescriptions for acne, the study authors said.  But the investigators found a nearly 70 percent surge in short-term use of antibiotics, especially for skin-surgery patients. Those prescriptions rose from 3.92 to 6.65 per 100 visits.    In addition, antibiotic prescriptions associated with cysts increased 35 percent, according to the study published Jan. 16 in JAMA Dermatology.  Many dermatological patients, including those taking antibiotics for inflammatory skin conditions such as acne and rosacea, may stay on antibiotics for long periods. That’s an issue, because overuse of antibiotics can lead to reduced effectiveness, the researchers explained.  “Overall, our findings are hopefully a sign that we’re making progress, but we need to evaluate how we can optimize the use of antibiotics in dermatologic surgery,” lead study author Dr. John Barbieri said in a university news release.  That includes more studies to determine which skin surgery patients benefit most from antibiotics, he said. Barbieri is a dermatology research fellow at Penn.  While prescription rates were down overall, the types of antibiotics used and length of treatment remained the same, the findings showed.  “This may be a sign that treatment guidelines have raised awareness about overuse, though it’s also noteworthy that there are biologic and other alternate treatments that give patients more options than they’ve ever had before,” Barbieri added.  More information  The American Academy of Family Physicians has more on antibiotics.  Copyright © 2019 HealthDay. All rights reserved.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Cristiano Ronaldo’s 61st minute header was just enough to lead Juventus to an eighth consecutive Italian Super Cup victory on Wednesday against AC Milan.  Ronaldo’s goal was the lone tally in Juventus’ 1-0 win in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. The game was scoreless in the first half as both defenses foiled the opposing attack.      Center midfielder Miralem Pjanic then set up the play of the game. Pjanic received the ball about 30 yards away from the AC Milan goal during the second half sequence. Ronaldo eyed his teammate before sneaking toward the back post. He timed his run perfectly, staying onside just until Pjanic lifted a pass over the defense.    Ronaldo elevated and headed the pass into the far-post netting, beating AC Milan’s Gianluigi Donnarumma.  “He makes a difference but then that’s exactly why we signed him — for games like this. It wasn’t just his goal; his movement in general was excellent,” Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri told Juventus.com. “The whole team moved well actually. It was a really good performance.”  Juventus battles Chievo in Seria A at 2:30 p.m. on Monday at Allianz Stadium in Turin, Italy.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — A former Tennessee teacher was sentenced to 20 years in prison Wednesday for kidnapping a 15-year-old female student in 2017.  Tad Cummins, 52, was sentenced in Nashville after pleading guilty to charges of obstruction and transportation of a minor across state lines for the purposes of having criminal sexual intercourse and destruction, alteration or falsification of records in federal investigations.      Cummins also faces a lifetime of supervision after his release.  A statement by the victim read aloud by a federal prosecutor said she believes Cummins should face 38 years in prison, “one year for each day he kept me away from my family.”  “What you did to me was unspeakable,” the statement read, according to NBC News. “You saw a broken girl, who was lonely, scared and traumatized. You made her feel safe and loved because you saw what she needed and made her believe you would be her protector.”    Authorities arrested Cummins in a rural area of Northern California after a nationwide search in 2017. Investigators said he took a 15-year-old female student across the country and engaged in sexual activity with her.  Cummins pleaded guilty to the federal crimes of crossing state lines to have sex with a minor and obstruction of justice in April.  In court on Tuesday he read an apology to his family, saying he “embarrassed them” and “ruined their lives too” as well as to the victim.  “As a father and as a parent, to the family of the victim, I’m so sorry,” he said. “If someone had done this to my girls I would want to hurt them. I wish I could go back in time.  “To the victim, I want you to know: I agree. This was not your fault. You were a kid. My misguided attempt to help you went sideways. Anything I can do to give you closure, I stand ready.”  Cummins had been suspended from his teaching job at Culleoka Unit School on Feb. 6, 2017, after he was seen kissing the victim and was fired in April 2017 when an Amber Alert was issued by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. His teaching license was later revoked by the Tennessee Board of Education.  The victim’s family also filed a lawsuit against Maury County Schools, stating the district knew about Cummins’ behavior.  
  STAMFORD, Conn. (AP) — A TV journalist known for confronting would-be child predators has been snared himself in a police investigation alleging he wrote bad checks for $13,000 worth of marketing materials.  Former “To Catch a Predator” host Chris Hansen was arrested Monday in his hometown of Stamford, Connecticut. He was charged with issuing a bad check and released on a promise to appear in court.      Police say the 59-year-old Hansen wrote two bad checks to a local vendor for 355 mugs, 288 T-shirts and 650 vinyl decals he bought in the summer of 2017.    Phone and email messages were left Wednesday for Hansen. It wasn’t clear if he has a lawyer who could respond to the allegations.  NBC’s “To Catch a Predator” ran from 2004 to 2007 and included sting operations for online child predators.  
  NEW YORK (AP) — Keith Richards is celebrating the 30th anniversary of his solo debut album by reissuing it.  Richards originally released “Talk Is Cheap” in 1988 and will reissue the album on March 29. It will include six bonus tracks and will be released digitally, on CD, on vinyl and as a box set.      The box set includes unseen photos, an 80-page hardback book and rare memorabilia, including lyric sheets, posters and a guitar pick.    “Talk Is Cheap” features Maceo Parker, Patti Scialfa, Bootsy Collins and former Rolling Stones bandmate Mick Taylor.  ____  Online:                    http://www.keithrichards.com/                  
  The breakthrough representation of minorities in Hollywood blockbusters has ignited a frequently overlooked discussion about whether prejudice isn’t just about the color of a person’s skin, but the shade.  “Colorism,” the idea that light-skinned minorities are given more privilege than their darker-skinned peers, is a centuries-old concept that many insiders say remains pervasive in the entertainment industry. The instant reckoning of social media has brought prominence to the issue and on Tuesday the ABC sitcom “black-ish,” known for not shying from heavier topics, confronted it.      In the episode “Black Like Us,” parents Dre and Bow (played by Anthony Anderson and Tracee Ellis Ross) are appalled when they see that daughter Diane (Marsai Martin) appears darker in her poorly lit classroom photo. Their outrage sparks a tense conversation within the family.  “We felt that this was the year to just put it on our shoulders and see what we can do and hope at the very least we can get people to talk about it openly,” said co-showrunner Kenny Smith.  Executive producer Peter Saji wrote the episode. A light-skinned, mixed-race man, Saji drew from his own experiences as well as research.    “There is a light-skinned privilege that I never really wanted to admit I felt or experienced. I sort of grew up ‘Oh, we’re all black. We all experience the same struggle,'” he said.  More often when movies and television shows ignite conversations about colorism, it’s unintentional.  In 2016, a furor erupted over a trailer showing actress Zoe Saldana portraying singer and activist Nina Simone. Saldana’s skin was darkened and she wore a prosthetic nose.  When images from “Ralph Breaks the Internet” came out last year, it appeared Princess Tiana, Disney’s first black princess, had a lighter complexion and sharper features. Anika Noni Rose, who voices Tiana, met with animators and spoke about how important it was that dark-skinned girls see themselves represented. The studio also consulted the civil rights group Color of Change.  “They had to spend some real money to actually fix this. They recognized the problem, they listened and they worked to change it,” said Color of Change executive director Rashad Robinson.    The issue isn’t unique to black people. In India’s Bollywood film industry, the starring roles tend to go to lighter-skinned actors, many of whom endorse products promoting fairer skin.  The movie “Crazy Rich Asians” left some Asian-Americans disappointed by a lack of brown or dark-skinned actors.  Meanwhile, “Roma” director Alfonso Cuaron received praise for casting Yalitza Aparicio in the lead role of an indigenous maid. The character is more at the forefront than her lighter-skinned Mexican employer.  For African-Americans, bias toward lighter-skinned people dates back to slavery. Skin complexion sometimes determined what type of jobs slaves were assigned or if, post-slavery, they were worthy of receiving an education. In later decades, universities, fraternities and other institutions were known for using the “brown paper bag” test: Those with skin lighter than the bag were in.  “It’s part of white supremacy, or holding up whiteness over other backgrounds,” Robinson said. “It has deep implications, historical implications in the black community from beauty standards to professional opportunities to how families have treated one another.”    The problem also exists within the music industry. Mathew Knowles, who managed daughters Beyonce and Solange and Destiny’s Child, said it’s no accident that most of the recent top-selling black artists are lighter-skinned like Mariah Carey and Rihanna. He said Beyonce often got opportunities that darker-skinned artists probably wouldn’t.  “There’s another 400 that are of a darker complexion … that didn’t get a chance at Top 40 radio,” Knowles said. “They got pigeonholed that they were black and in the ‘black division,’ and they got pigeonholed in just R&B, black radio stations.”  Knowles, himself darker skinned, said his own mother instilled in him that darker skinned women were less desirable. It’s a perception that he thinks is starting to shift.  “We have to have social courage to speak up about this stuff and stop being quiet about it,” Knowles said. “The only way we change is to be uncomfortable and truthful about our feelings and beliefs.”  That is a strategy that “black-ish” co-showrunner Smith also agrees with.  “With anything it’s always best to have a truthful conversation,” Smith said.  ___  Online: https://abc.go.com/shows/blackish  ____  Follow Terry Tang on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ttangAP  
  NEW YORK (AP) — Harmony Korine’s “The Beach Bum,” Olivia Wilde’s directorial debut and a documentary on the breakout campaign of Texas politician Beto O’Rourke will premiere at the annual South by Southwest Film Festival.  The Austin, Texas-based festival announced the lineup to its 26th edition Wednesday after previously revealing that Jordan Peele’s “Us” will open the festival on March 8. Among the selections are the latest from “Spring Breakers” director Korine, starring Matthew McConaughey, and Wilde’s “Booksmart,” about graduating high-schoolers determined to cram four years of fun into one night.      Also set to premiere at SXSW: David Modigliani’s behind-the-scenes portrait of Rourke’s campaign to unseat Sen. Ted Cruz and John Lee Hancock’s Bonnie and Clyde manhunt drama “The Highwaymen,” with Kevin Costner and Woody Harrelson.  The festival’s full lineup is available at: www.sxsw.com/festivals/film .  
  LOS ANGELES (AP) — Steve Carell is starring in a new workplace comedy that could be out of this world.  Netflix said Wednesday that Carell is re-teaming with “The Office” producers Greg Daniels and Howard Klein on the series “Space Force.”      It’s about the people assigned to create a sixth branch of the armed services focused on space, the streaming service said.    The premise is grounded in reality: Last year, the Trump administration directed the Pentagon to form a Space Command aimed at the creation of a Space Force branch.  Carell and Daniels are the sitcom’s co-creators and will serve as executive producers along with Klein.  Daniels co-created NBC’s 2015-13 “The Office,” based on the original Ricky Gervais-Stephen Merchant U.K. mockumentary series.  
  Victims of illegal alien crime used House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s office Tuesday to evidence that she used walls as a barrier, and it worked.    Angel families stormed Pelosi’s office Tuesday asking for the Speaker to meet with them and hear their pleas for a wall and border security.  “It’s nice walls in here, all the way, four walls in here,” said angel mom Sabine Durden. Her son Dominic Durden was killed by an illegal alien. Durden asked the staff if she was to go through the secondary office door, would she be arrested. A Pelosi staffer simply told Durden she would ask her not to go through.      Durden then told the staff, “We asked my son’s killer not to and he still did.” – a reference to the foreign national who illegally crossed the U.S. southern border before killing her son. “And Pelosi doesn’t care about that.”    Durden told the group she’d be arrested if she went through the door into Pelosi’s office but wouldn’t because she obeys the law and respects the rules of the office.  “I wish the killers of our kids would’ve been held to that same standard when they had them in the first place,” she went on, referring to previous incarcerations of the illegal aliens who later caused deaths of Americans. “But they get treated different and that’s another thing that just grinds my gear, when they used to claim they were in the shadows. They’re not in the shadows, they’re flaunting it. We are in the shadows now.”  Michelle Moons is a White House Correspondent for Breitbart News — follow on Twitter @MichelleDiana and Facebook  
  During an interview aired on Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “AC360,” House Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff (D-CA) stated that the Intelligence Committee could subpoena the interpreter from President Trump’s Helsinki meeting with Vladimir Putin or the interpreter’s notes.  Schiff said, “We do want to pursue this. And I’ve been in discussions with my counterparts on the Foreign Affairs Committee, Chairman Engel. We’ve been consulting with the lawyers, also, what is the best case, what arguments might the White House make? It looks to me, on the surface, that they don’t have much of an executive privilege case to make. … But we want to make sure that we’re on the strongest possible ground.”      He added, “Well, we certainly could subpoena the interpreter. We could subpoena the interpreter’s notes. The question is, on what basis will they refuse? Because they will refuse, and what is our chance of success on that? And I think we have to look at, is there a method for us to get that information voluntarily? Is there a way for us to assure the country that the president, behind closed doors is not sacrificing the interests of the country? It’s always our preference to get voluntary cooperation before we consider compulsion.”  Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett  
  Taliban narco-jihadis on Tuesday issued a statement threatening to pull the plug on peace negotiations with the United States — likely over America’s insistence that Kabul participates in the talks, a demand long rejected by the terrorist group.  Tuesday’s statement came as U.S. President Donald Trump’s reconciliation envoy, Zalmay Khalilzad, continued to make rounds in the region in pursuit of a negotiated end to the Afghan war — raging since October 2001 at a tremendous blood and treasure cost to the United States of nearly $1 trillion, over 2,270 U.S. military fatalities, and more than 20,400 injuries.  Taliban terrorists have long refused to engage in negotiations with Kabul, dismissing the Afghan government as a U.S. “puppet.”      In its statement, the group claimed the U.S. agreed in meetings in November on a two-point agenda: the withdrawal of foreign troops and guarantees that Afghanistan will not again become a safe-haven — as it was for al Qaeda prior to 9/11 — from which terrorist groups can plan and execute attacks on the United States and other countries.    د افغانستان د وروستي سیاسي وضعیت په اړه د اسلامي امارت اعلامیهhttps://t.co/aV5w9UmDzu pic.twitter.com/p8Ed7GFHi0  — Zabihullah (ذبیح الله م ) (@Zabihullah_4) January 15, 2019
  Two passengers decided to take a joyride on top of a moving vehicle Monday, “twerking” on the roof of a white SUV as it traveled down a St. Louis, Missouri, highway, according to cell phone video of the incident.  The video, captured by a motorist traveling down the highway, showed both women shaking their backsides on top of the white GMC SUV with no license plate as it traveled down Interstate 64 in St. Louis.  “We were in traffic obviously and were going pretty slow, but then I saw a girl get out of the car and get on top of the vehicle,” the motorist, Jackie Friedhoff, told the New York Post Wednesday. “And I’m like, ‘Did I just see that?’”      Friedhoff, a 30-year-old registered nurse, said she had been driving slowly when she spotted the two women gyrating their hips while a third woman hung out of the passenger-side window with a cell phone to film the display.    Friedhoff said the women’s impromptu dance party on top of the car’s roof caused other drivers to slow down enough to witness the eye-popping spectacle.  She did not report the incident to police but decided to put the video on Facebook in the hopes someone would report them. Friedhoff’s video became a viral success within 48 hours, surpassing 250,000 views on Facebook alone on Wednesday.  “Yeah, I was honestly not expecting it to go viral,” Friedhoff said. “Normally I’m a pretty private person and I don’t post personal stuff like that, so it was odd for me to post that on Facebook.”  Friedhoff’s video went so viral, one of the women captured in the video asked Friedhoff to tag her in the Facebook video. The woman later deleted her Facebook profile.  A spokesperson for the St. Louis police told KDSK that the department did not receive any calls in connection with the incident.  
  New York (AFP) – The British pound advanced Wednesday as Prime Minister Theresa May survived a no-confidence vote, while worries about the US government shutdown limited stock market gains after strong bank earnings.  The pound gained ground against the euro and dollar after May narrowly beat back a challenge to her government by a 325-306 margin a day after a humiliating defeat on her Brexit deal.      The overwhelming rejection by the House of Commons of May’s plan to withdraw from the European Union prompted speculation of what would come next in the Brexit political morass.   Some are betting on another referendum or an extension of the time-frame for Britain to negotiate the terms of divorce with the EU was much more likely than the worst-case scenario of a no-deal Brexit.  “Many people may be surprised that the pound is holding firm and the UK-heavy FTSE 250 index is rising off the back of Theresa May’s Brexit vote defeat,” Russ Mould, investment director at stockbroker AJ Bell, said ahead of Wednesday’s no-confidence vote.    “In essence the market believes we are going to get more time for negotiations, we’re less likely to have a hard, economically-damaging Brexit, or Brexit won’t happen at all.”  But he said it seems “inevitable” that the currency and equities “will be volatile for weeks or months to come until we have a definitive answer,” Mould added.  Gavin Friend at National Australia Bank, said “Momentum is shifting away from the harder Brexit route and towards a number of options ranging from postponement and second referendum.”  – Shutdown hit? –  Meanwhile, in the United States, investors were encouraged by earnings reports from Bank of America and Goldman Sachs that easily topped analyst expectations.    Goldman surged nearly 10 percent, while Bank of America jumped 7.2 percent. The results also boosted other large banks that had already reported results.  Maris Ogg of Tower Bridge Advisors said investors have been encouraged by banking executives’ characterization of the US economy as basically sound.    “Generally the tone of the earning calls is cautiously optimistic,” she said. “Investors have been breathing a sigh of relief that the commentaries from managements have not been terribly negative.”  Still, some analysts said the ongoing US government shutdown — now in its 25th day — was keeping investor enthusiasm in check. Oxford Economics estimated the weekly hit to US growth at $700 million.  And the Federal Reserve’s “beige book” report on the US economy showed that political and trade uncertainty was undermining business confidence, even though the growth continues at least a modest pace in most of the country.    But Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at CFRA Research, said the market was picking up confidence as January’s stock market gains mount.  “The early read on January Barometer has issued a ‘thumbs up’ for the year, as investors unwind the negative sentiment that prevailed through late last year,” Stovall said.  – Key figures around 2140 GMT –   Pound/dollar: UP at $1.2877 from $1.2861 at 2200 GMT   Euro/pound: DOWN at 88.48 pence from 88.75 pence  Euro/dollar: DOWN at $1.1395 from $1.1413  Dollar/yen: UP at 109.05 yen from 108.68  New York – DOW: UP 0.6 percent at 24,207.16 (close)  New York – S&P 500: UP 0.2 percent at 2,616.10 (close)  New York – Nasdaq: UP 0.2 percent at 7,034.69 (close)  London – FTSE 100: DOWN 0.5 percent at 6,858.16 (close)  Frankfurt – DAX 30: UP 0.4 percent at 10,931.24 (close)  Paris – CAC 40: UP 0.5 percent at 4,810.74 (close)  EURO STOXX 50: UP 0.2 percent at 3,077.22  Tokyo – Nikkei 225: DOWN 0.6 percent at 20,442.75 (close)  Hong Kong – Hang Seng: UP 0.3 percent at 26,902.10 (close)  Shanghai – Composite: FLAT at 2,570.42 (close)  Oil – Brent Crude: UP 68 cents at $61.32 per barrel  Oil – West Texas Intermediate: UP 20 cents at $52.31 per dollar  burs-jmb/hs  
  Frankfurt am Main (AFP) – Germany’s finance ministry on Wednesday said it planned to extend current Bundesbank president Jens Weidmann’s contract by another eight years, keeping the central bank chief in the race to replace Mario Draghi at the European Central Bank.  “We can confirm that the federal government intends to propose prolonging Jens Weidmann’s term at the head of the Bundesbank,” a ministry spokesman told AFP.      The extension still has to be formally greenlighted by the German cabinet, a step considered a formality.  Weidmann, 50, took the helm of the powerful Bundesbank in 2011. His term is due to end on May 1.  “Jens Weidmann is a passionate central banker and Bundesbank president and is looking forward to a second term,” the bank said in a statement.    Although Chancellor Angela Merkel’s government has not openly endorsed Weidmann to succeed ECB chief Draghi, whose mandate expires in November, it’s customary for the high-profile post to be held by an acting central bank governor from the 19-nation euro area.  Weidmann’s chances appear slim however, since Berlin is already backing Merkel ally Manfred Weber’s candidacy to become the next head of the European Commission, and having two Germans in top EU roles is an unlikely prospect.  Seen as one of the most hawkish voices on the ECB’s governing council, heavyweight central banker Weidmann has also been a fierce critic of Draghi’s ultra-loose monetary policy aimed at reviving the eurozone economy after the crisis.  He long pushed for a swifter end to the ECB’s massive government and corporate bond-buying scheme designed to encourage spending and investment, which the German said risked blurring the lines between fiscal and monetary policy.  The ECB finally ended the scheme last month after nearly four years. Along with record-low interest rates, the stimulus programme has been credited with staving off the threat of deflation and bolstering growth.  Weidmann, a staunch defender of the Bundesbank’s role as a guarantor of monetary stability, also vehemently opposed Draghi’s 2012 promise to buy up, if necessary, unlimited bonds from debt-stricken countries.  Weidmann was the only governing council member to vote against the crisis-fighting tool.  The scheme, known as Outright Monetary Transactions (OMT), has never been used.  
  Washington (AFP) – Her husband is one of thousands of federal employees who haven’t been paid due to the US government shutdown — but a Virginia woman snagged her family some extra income, winning $100,000 and a car in the state lottery.  “I cried. I couldn’t believe it,” Carrie Walls said, recalling the moment she realized she had won, the Virginia Lottery said in a news release.      Along with the $100,000, Walls — who lives in Ashburn, a suburban town near Washington — also bagged a Ford Expedition SUV.    Around 800,000 federal employees have been on mandatory leave or working without pay for 24 days as US President Donald Trump and Congress wrangle over funding for a wall on the southern border.  On Friday, Congress voted to guarantee federal employees retroactive pay once the shutdown ends.  
  Wednesday in New York City, comedian Rosie O’Donnell told TMZ she believed President Donald Trump would be arrested before the 2020 election.  When asked if Trump will win reelection, O’Donnell answered, “No, I do not.”      She continued, “I certainly do not. I think he’ll be arrested.”    She added, “I believe in America and I believe in our political system and I believe we will right the wrong of the tyranny of Donald Trump.”  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  
  On Wednesday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer (D-MD) stated that while he doesn’t think a border wall is the best way to spend money, building one isn’t an issue of morality and a wall isn’t racist.  Hoyer said, “I don’t think this is an issue of morality, it’s an issue of does it work? And Senator Cornyn (R-TX), Senator Graham (R-SC), other members of the United States Senate, have put in question whether a wall works, whether that is the best way to secure the border. Now, is — are some restraints? We’ve supported substantial restraints. We’ve supported fencing. We’ve supported other technologies. So, my own view is that this is not an issue of morality.”      Hoyer also addressed arguments that a wall is racist by stating, “I don’t think that’s the way we ought to look at it.”  Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett  
  Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Deadline,” host Nicolle Wallace opened her show by declaring there was “plenty to celebrate today in the Kremlin” given the political travails underway in the United States and the United Kingdom.  Wallace continued, “For the first time in more than 30 years, Speaker Nancy Pelosi has called on Donald Trump to delay his State of the Union Address. Pelosi, citing the longest government shutdown in this country’s history as the reason, leaving Donald Trump unwanted on that center stage he so palpably craves. Pelosi, also robbing the president of an opportunity to dig out of increasingly unfavorable poll numbers. It’s a political crisis he’s created for himself and his party over a border wall that is not popular enough among the public to create any pressure on the people’s House.”      She added, “This humiliation caps another devastating day of headlines about Donald Trump’s subservience and secrecy when it comes to Russia. The New York Times today revealing key details of Donald Trump’s first face-to-face encounter with Putin in Germany, just a few months into his presidency. Including this stunning account of what took place just afterward. From that report by Peter Baker, who joins us on set today, quote “As Mr. Trump was on Air Force One taking off from Germany heading back to Washington, he telephoned a Times reporter and argued the Russians were falsely accused of election interference.”    “While he insisted most of the conversation be off the record, he later repeated a few things in public,” Wallace continued. “He said he raised the election hacking three times, and Mr. Putin denied involvement, but he said  Mr. Putin also told him ‘If we did, we wouldn’t have gotten caught because we’re professionals. Mr. Trump said, I thought that was a good point because they’re some of the best in the world at hacking. Asked how he weighed Mr. Putin’s denials against the evidence that had been presented to him by Mr. Comey, John Brennan then CIA Director and James Clapper then Director of National Intelligence, Trump said Mr. Clapper and Brennan were the most political intel chiefs he knew, and Comey was a leaker. Wow.”  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  
  London (AFP) – The British pound rose on Wednesday as analysts considered the possibility that a stinging defeat for Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal in parliament may somehow lead to Britain remaining in the EU.  Perhaps somewhat paradoxically, May’s defeat prompted talk that “we might not see a Brexit at all down the line”, said market analyst Joshua Mahony at trading platform IG.      “The fact that we saw this heavy defeat means that Theresa May now needs to come back with some sort of new plan, and one of those plans might be a new referendum,” he told AFP.  Analysts said the British people might not vote in favour of Brexit again if they were given another chance.  May later Wednesday faces a no-confidence vote in parliament which she is widely expected to win.    Bank of England governor Mark Carney meanwhile said the pound’s rise “would appear to reflect some expectation that… the prospect of no-deal may have been diminished”.  The rising pound weighed on London’s benchmark FTSE 100 index which features many multinationals earning much of their income in dollars and euros.  London’s second tier FTSE 250 was up slightly. Featuring mostly companies operating in the UK, the 250 index is along with the pound seen as a clearer indicator of Britain’s future economic health.  – ‘Many may be surprised’ –  “Many people may be surprised that the pound is holding firm and the UK-heavy FTSE 250 index is rising off the back of Theresa May’s Brexit vote defeat,” noted Russ Mould, investment director at stockbroker AJ Bell.    “In essence the market believes we are going to get more time for negotiations, we’re less likely to have a hard, economically-damaging Brexit, or Brexit won’t happen at all.  “It seems inevitable that both the pound and the stock market will be volatile for weeks or months to come until we have a definitive answer as to the exact direction of travel for Brexit,” Mould added.    Sterling had tanked to a near two-year low soon after the government’s proposal on leaving the European Union was soundly beaten late in London on Tuesday, but it soon bounced back as traders bet there would not be a no-deal exit.  With May on Wednesday expected to win a vote of no confidence called by the opposition Labour Party, talk will move to what happens next.  “If we see May win out, which I think we probably will, then the pound is probably likely to stay as it is, with a lack of direction,” said IG’s Mahony.    “If she was to lose it, there would be a lot of volatility and uncertainty coming into play and that would be very negative for the pound.”  Analysts said May could ask to delay Britain’s March 29 exit from the bloc as she looks for a more palatable agreement from her EU peers, while there is growing speculation of a general election and even another referendum.  – ‘Pound supportive’ –  “Momentum is shifting away from the harder Brexit route and towards a number of options ranging from postponement and second referendum. That is pound supportive,” said Gavin Friend at National Australia Bank.  But he added: “I don’t see the pound rallying much until markets are sure the (ruling) Conservatives have seen off the confidence motion.”  In Brussels EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier warned “the risk of a no deal has never seemed so high”.  Earlier Wednesday, Asian equity markets diverged after Tuesday’s rally that was fuelled by China’s plans to cut taxes in a bid to support the country’s stuttering economy.  Eurozone stock markets closed higher, and Wall Street was also posting gains in the late New York morning.  “US indices have extend their gains from late December, and but traders are treading lightly as we have yet to hear further details about how the US-China trade talks ended last week,” said David Madden at CMC Markets.  Traders are also growing increasingly worried about the lack of movement in the US over the government shutdown, which is now in its fourth week, with both sides digging their heels in.  – Key figures around 1640 GMT –   Pound/dollar: UP at $1.2868 from $1.2861 at 2140 GMT   Euro/pound: DOWN at 88.62 pence from 88.75 pence  Euro/dollar: DOWN at $1.1404 from $1.1413  Dollar/yen: UP at 108.84 yen from 108.72  New York – DOW: UP 0.7 percent at 24,233.83 points  London – FTSE 100: DOWN 0.5 percent at 6,858.16 (close)  Frankfurt – DAX 30: UP 0.4 percent at 10,931.24 (close)  Paris – CAC 40: UP 0.5 percent at 4,810.74 (close)  EURO STOXX 50: UP 0.2 percent at 3,077.22  Tokyo – Nikkei 225: DOWN 0.6 percent at 20,442.75 (close)  Hong Kong – Hang Seng: UP 0.3 percent at 26,902.10 (close)  Shanghai – Composite: FLAT at 2,570.42 (close)  Oil – Brent Crude: DOWN 32 cents at $60.32 per barrel  Oil – West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 53 cents at $51.58  burs-jh/rl  
  Paris (AFP) – Coming to dining tables everywhere by 2050: porridge for breakfast, rice for lunch, a dinner of lentils and vegetables, and a single hamburger every few weeks, as a treat.  Here is a rundown of the daily meal plan that dozens of health and environment experts are urging the world to adopt in order to sustain a global population of 10 billion by mid-century, while reining in climate change and preventing millions of premature deaths each year.       – Meat is (almost) out –  The team behind a landmark food study published Thursday in The Lancet say intake of some foods such as meat and sugar needs to fall by half by 2050 to reduce the global burden posed by the three billion people on Earth who are either over- or under-fed.  While richer nations must drastically slash their meat consumption, regions such as South Asia currently experience a dearth of calories and protein from a lack of red meat.    Livestock farming is catastrophic for the environment, producing up to 18 percent of global greenhouse gases and contributing to deforestation and water shortages.  Under the new regimen, adults would be limited to 14 grammes of red meat a day — equivalent to half a rasher of bacon — and get no more than 30 calories from it.   A quarter-pounder burger patty contains roughly 450 calories and North Americans alone consume more than six times the current daily recommended red meat intake of between 50-70 grammes.  The diet recommends no more than 29 grammes of daily poultry — around one and a half chicken nuggets — and 13 grammes of eggs, or just 1.5 a week.  – Fruit and veg up –    The team said consumption of fruits, vegetables, and legumes such as chickpeas and lentils must increase more than two fold, particularly in poorer nations where more than 800 million people get insufficient calories.  More wholegrain foods such as barley and brown rice are needed, but starchy vegetables like potatoes and cassava are limited to 50 grammes a day.  The authors of the report noted that the ideal diet would vary from region to region, stressing that their menu was designed to show how everyone could get their 2,500 daily calories, keep healthy and aid the planet.  “Eating less red meat –- which is mostly a challenge in changing human behaviour –- is crucial,” Johan Rockstrom, director of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Change Impact Research and one of the authors, told AFP.    “But something equally dramatic that is less talked about is the reduction in conventional cereal and tubers, and the transition to nuts, fruits, vegetables and beans as a principal source of nutrition.”  – Good news for nut lovers –  The authors estimate their diet would improve intakes of most vital nutrients while slashing consumption of unhealthy saturated fats.   Healthy sources of fat such as nuts and seeds receive a boost: You could eat up to 75 grammes a day of peanuts, but would need to cut back on other unsaturated fats such as oily fish on those days.  Ultimately the new diet could globally prevent up to 11.6 million premature deaths per year, according to its creators.  
  Paris (AFP) – The way humanity produces and eats food must radically change to avoid millions of deaths and “catastrophic” damage to the planet, according to a landmark study published Thursday.  The key to both goals is a dramatic shift in the global diet — roughly half as much sugar and red meat, and twice as many vegetables, fruits and nuts, a consortium of three dozen researchers concluded in The Lancet, a medical journal.      “We are in a catastrophic situation,” co-author Tim Lang, a professor at the University of London and policy lead for the EAT-Lancet Commission that compiled the 50-page study, told AFP.  Currently, nearly a billion people are hungry and another two billion are eating too much of the wrong foods, causing epidemics of obesity, heart disease and diabetes.  Unhealthy diets account for up to 11 million avoidable premature deaths every year, according to the most recent Global Disease Burden report.    At the same time the global food system is the single largest emitter of greenhouse gases, the biggest driver of biodiversity loss, and the main cause of deadly algae blooms along coasts and inland waterways.  Agriculture — which has transformed nearly half the planet’s land surface — also uses up about 70 percent of the global fresh water supply.  “To have any chance of feeding 10 billion people in 2050 within planetary boundaries” — the limits on Earth’s capacity to absorb human activity — “we must adopt a healthy diet, slash food waste, and invest in technologies that reduce environmental impacts,” said co-author Johan Rockstrom, director of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Change Impact Research.  – Where’s the beef? –  “It is doable but it will take nothing less than global agricultural revolution,” he told AFP.     The cornerstone of “the great food transformation” called for in the study is a template human diet of about 2500 calories per day.  “We are not saying everyone has to eat in the same way,” Lang said by phone. “But broadly — especially in the rich world — it means a reduction of meat and dairy, and a major increase in plant consumption.”    The diet allows for about seven grammes (a quarter of an ounce) of red meat per day, and up to 14. A typical hamburger patty, by comparison, is 125 to 150 grammes.  For most rich nations, and many emerging ones such as China and Brazil, this would represent a drastic five-to-ten-fold reduction.    Beef is the main culprit.     Not only do cattle pass massive quantities of planet-warming methane, huge swathes of carbon-absorbing forests –- mostly in Brazil -– are cut down every year to make room for them.  “For climate, we know that coal is the low-hanging fruit, the dirtiest of fossil fuels,” said Rockstrom. “On the food side, the equivalent is grain-fed beef.”  It takes at least five kilos of grain to produce a kilo of meat.   And once that steak or lamb chop hits the plate, about 30 percent will wind up in the garbage bin.  Dairy is also limited to about one cup (250 grammes) of whole milk — or its equivalent in cheese or yoghurt — per day, and only one or two eggs per week.  – Push back –  At the same time, the diet calls for a more than 100 percent increase in legumes such as peas and lentils, along with vegetables, fruits and nuts.  Grains are considered to be less healthy sources of nutrients.  “We can no longer feed our population a healthy diet while balancing planetary resources,” said The Lancet editor-in-chief Richard Horton.   “For the first time in 200,000 years of human history, we are severely out of sync with the planet and Nature.”  The report drew heavy fire from the livestock and dairy industry, and some experts.  “It goes to the extreme to create maximum attention, but we must be more responsible when making serious dietary recommendation,” said Alexander Anton, secretary general of the European Dairy Association, noting that dairy products are “packed” with nutrients and vitamins.  Christopher Snowdon of the Institute of Economic Affairs in London said the report “reveals the full agenda of nanny-state campaigners.”  “We expected these attacks,” said Lang. “But the same food companies pushing back against these findings realise that they may not have a future if they don’t adapt”, he said.  “The question is: does this come by crisis, or do we start planning for it now?”   Some multinationals responded positively, if cautiously, to the study.  “We need governments to help accelerate the change by aligning national dietary guidelines with healthy and sustainable requirements, and repurposing agricultural subsidies,” the World Business Council for Sustainable Development said in a statement.   
  WASHINGTON (AP) — A grand Washington ritual became a potential casualty of the partial government shutdown Wednesday as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi asked President Donald Trump to postpone his Jan. 29 State of the Union speech. She cited concerns about whether the hobbled government can provide adequate security, but Republicans cast her move as a ploy to deny Trump the stage.  In a letter to Trump, Pelosi said that with both the Secret Service and the Homeland Security Department entangled in the shutdown, the president should speak to Congress another time or he should deliver the address in writing. Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen denied anyone’s safety is compromised, saying both agencies “are fully prepared to support and secure the State of the Union.”      Trump did not immediately respond to the request and the White House, thrown off guard by the move, had yet to offer any official response hours later. But GOP allies accused Pelosi of playing politics, with Republican Rep. Steve Scalise tweeting that Democrats are “only interested in obstructing @realDonaldTrump, not governing.”  Pelosi, who issued the customary invitation to Trump weeks ago, hit the president in a vulnerable place, as he delights in taking his message to the public and has been preparing for the address for weeks.  The uncertainty surrounding the speech also underscored the unraveling of ceremonial norms and niceties in Trump’s Washington, with the shutdown in its fourth week, the White House and Democrats in a stalemate and the impasse draining the finances of hundreds of thousands of federal employees.    Pelosi left unclear what would happen if Trump insisted on coming despite the welcome mat being pulled away. It takes a joint resolution of the House and Congress to extend the official invitation and set the stage.  “We’ll have to have a security evaluation, but that would mean diverting resources,” she told reporters when asked how she would respond if Trump still intended to come. “I don’t know how that could happen.”  Pressure on Trump intensified on the 26th day of the shutdown, as lawmakers from both parties scrambled for solutions. At the White House, Trump met a bipartisan group of lawmakers, as well as a group of Republican senators, but progress appeared elusive.  While his own advisers said the shutdown was proving a greater drag on the economy than expected, Trump showed no signs of backing off a fight that he views as vital for his core supporters.  On Wednesday, Trump signed legislation into law affirming that the roughly 800,000 federal workers who have been going without pay will ultimately be compensated for their lost wages. That was the practice in the past.    As he weighs a response to Pelosi, Trump could not go forward with a State of the Union address in Congress without her blessing. Donald Ritchie, former historian of the Senate, said that anytime a president comes to speak, it must be at the request of Congress. Trump could opt to deliver a speech somewhere else, like the Oval Office, but it would not have the same ritualistic heft.  Democratic leaders did not ask the Secret Service if the agency would be able to secure the State of the Union event before sending the letter, according to a senior Homeland Security official, who was not authorized to speak publicly. Pelosi’s office said Congress is already familiar with the percentage of Secret Service and Homeland Security employees who have been furloughed and working without pay.  The Secret Service starts preparing for events like these months in advance.  Lawmakers struggled to find a way out of the shutdown Wednesday. Trump is demanding $5.7 billion to build a wall along the Mexican border that he says is needed on humanitarian and security grounds. But Pelosi is refusing money for the wall she views as ineffective and immoral and Democrats say they will discuss border security once the government has reopened.  Some expressed little optimism.    Sen. Lindsay Graham, a South Carolina Republican who has been working on bipartisan strategies, declared glumly: “I am running out of ideas.”  Trump met a bipartisan group of lawmakers Wednesday that included seven Democrats. Two people who attended the White House meeting agreed it was “productive,” but could not say to what extent Trump was listening or moved by the conversation.  The people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the event candidly, said it seemed at some points as if people were talking past each other. Lawmakers talked about the shutdown’s effect on their constituents and advocated for “border security.” Trump and others on-and-off used the term “wall.” It was not clear if progress had been made, by those accounts.  Meanwhile a group of Republican senators headed to the White House later Wednesday.  Many Republicans were unwilling to sign on to a letter led by Graham and Sen. Chris Coons, D-Del., to re-open the government for three weeks while talks continue.  “Does that help the president or does that hurt the president?” asked Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., among those going to the White House. He has not signed the letter. “If the president saw it as a way to be conciliatory, if he thought it would help, then perhaps it’s a good idea,” he said. “If it’s just seen as a weakening of his position, then he probably wouldn’t do it.”  While Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said she has signed, others said GOP support was lacking. “They’re a little short on the R side,” said Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., another leader of the effort.  The House and Senate announced they are canceling next week’s planned recess if shutdown continues, which seemed likely. Some Republicans expressed concerns over the impact of the shutdown and who was getting blamed.  Said Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisc.:”Right now, are you seeing any pressure on Democrats? I think Republicans are getting the lion’s share of the pressure.”  He added: “The president accepted the blame so people are happy to give it to him.”  ___  For AP’s complete coverage of the U.S. government shutdown: https://apnews.com/GovernmentShutdown  ___  Associated Press writers Chris Rugaber, Darlene Superville, Matthew Daly, Jonathan Lemire, Alan Fram, Colleen Long, Andrew Taylor, Laurie Kellman, Elana Schor and Ken Sweet contributed to this report  
  Apparently fresh out of sports takes in the week leading up to the NFL conference championship games, ESPN host Molly Qerim decided to imply that President Trump’s decision to serve the Clemson football team fast food, was racist.  On Wednesday’s edition of First Take, Qerim explained how her thoughts went to a “very different place” when she heard that Trump planned to serve fast food to Clemson’s “predominantly black” football team.  Watch:        Her thoughts went somewhere else? She’s trying to ring that race bell when there was nothing racist about it..what does “predominantly black athletes” and fast food have in common? Never heard this stereotype before @ClayTravis maybe you have pic.twitter.com/W3if3gPkI3  — Jody Lowe (@RealLife_J_LO) January 16, 2019
  The number of United States-born children of illegal aliens in the sanctuary state of California is about twice the entire population of Wyoming, data reveals.  The U.S.-born children of illegal aliens are commonly known as “anchor babies,” as they anchor their illegal alien and noncitizen parents in the U.S. when they are granted immediate birthright citizenship. There are at least 4.5 million anchor babies in the country, a population that exceeds the total number of annual American births, as about 300,000 anchor babies are born every year, exceeding the total number of American births in 48 states. Currently, the U.S. and Canada are the only developed nations in the world that offer unrestricted birthright citizenship.  Data compiled by the Migration Policy Institute finds there are at least 1.2 million anchor babies under the age of 18 residing in the state of California with their illegal alien parents. This is about twice the entire population of Wyoming, where about 570,000 residents live.      About 400,000 of those 1.2 million anchor babies in California are born to two parents who are both residing in the U.S. illegally.  Texas has an anchor baby population of nearly 700,000, also exceeding the population of Wyoming by about 130,000 people. Meanwhile, New York has an anchor baby population of about 240,000, close to four times the population of Portland, Maine.  (Migration Policy Institute)     Wide-ranging analysis by Center for Immigration Studies researcher Steven Camarotta reveals there are an estimated 28,000 births to illegal aliens every year in the Los Angeles metro area, exceeding the total number of U.S. births in 14 states and the District of Columbia, Breitbart News reported.  About one-in-five U.S. births — or 791,000 — are to legal and illegal immigrant mothers, with legal immigrant mothers accounting for about 12.4 percent of those births and illegal alien mothers accounting for 7.5 percent.  The Supreme Court, however, has never explicitly ruled that the children of illegal aliens must be granted automatic citizenship and many legal scholars dispute the idea. Trump promised last year to end birthright citizenship through executive action, but the order has yet to be revealed or signed.  At the same time, newly released data from the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) found in 2017 all but two states in the U.S. had birth rates below replacement level. The total U.S. birth rate was about 1.765 children per woman. At least 2.1 children per woman are needed to replace the current population of the country without experiencing population decreases.  In all 50 states and the District of Colombia, white women had birth rates below replacement level. The highest birth rate among women was  in Utah. The white birth rate in Utah was about 2.0 children per woman.  The U.S. birth rate is now less than half of what it was in the 1950s.  John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.  
  Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY), a leading ally of President Donald Trump, told reporters in a brief conference call after a meeting with the president on Wednesday that Trump is planning withdrawals of U.S. forces from Syria and Afghanistan and will instead reinvest U.S. resources wasted there in rebuilding the United States.  In Syria, U.S. armed forces have been fighting the Islamic State or ISIS, a terrorist group that once controlled significant territory and resources, but the administration insists that ISIS has been defeated. As such, Trump is moving to withdraw all U.S. forces from Syria.  In Afghanistan, U.S. troops have been at war there for nearly 18 years, since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, making it the longest war in U.S. history. While Paul was nonspecific on the details of the timeline and scope of withdrawal from Afghanistan, the senator from Kentucky said that President Trump did make clear to senators and national security officials on Wednesday he intends to end the war there too. Paul said:      I’ve just come from the White House and we had a great meeting there. I tweeted out that I’ve never been prouder of the president and I don’t say that lightly. I’m not the kind to just say something is really great if it’s not. I really am proud of the president for making an argument that no president in recent history has made and that is that we have been at war too long in too many places and that he’s really going to make a difference. This is the kind of stuff those of us who have seen the horror of war and see the horror of those who have lost limbs in war and war that has gone on and on and on. We live for the day that somebody will actually stand up and say ‘I’m going to change history.’ I think the president is that person—and I really am proud of him not only for saying that not only is he following through with his Syria policy but I really do think there will be changes in Afghanistan as well. If you look at the polling data for the American people, I think the American people are with the president and they’re tired of both parties who are unwilling to stand up and say enough is enough. It’s time to spend some of that money at home. He mentioned how much money we spent in Afghanistan on gas stations, luxury hotels, and this and that—our country suffers. We need to be able to spend that money here at home.    I have never been prouder of President Donald Trump. In today’s meeting, he stood up for a strong America and steadfastly opposed foreign wars. Putting America First means declaring victory in Afghanistan and Syria. President Trump is delivering on his promises.  — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) January 16, 2019
  Caracas (AFP) – A dozen intelligence service agents were sent to prison by a Venezuelan court Wednesday over the brief detention of parliamentary president Juan Guaido, a judicial source said.  The Caracas court remanded the agents in pre-trial detention after they were accused of “abuse of functions, illegitimate deprivation of liberty and association to commit a crime.”      Guaido was heading to a political rally outside the Venezuelan capital on Sunday when his car was stopped on a highway and he was briefly detained by the SEBIN agents.  President Nicolas Maduro’s government denied any knowledge of the operation and initially claimed that four agents involved had been dismissed.  Maduro branded the whole incident a “media circus” and accused the agents of conspiring with Venezuela’s opposition.    Guaido, meanwhile, responded by mocking Maduro and questioning his control over the state’s security agencies.  “So Maduro no longer controls the armed forces because the chain of command was broken,” said Guaido.  “Who is commanding the regime now? If they’re already admitting that they don’t control the state’s security agencies, there’s a serious problem at Miraflores,” he added, referring to the presidential palace.  Guaido has been trying to attract support from the military as he leads the opposition bid to remove Maduro from power and set up a transitional government.  But Maduro retains the backing of the military’s high command, which last week pledged “absolute loyalty.”   Guaido has promised an “amnesty” for any military that disavow Maduro and has called for a people’s protest next week.  The opposition-controlled National Assembly, which he leads, has been left ineffective since the Maduro loyalist-filled Supreme stripped it of all its powers in 2017.  
  Los Angeles (AFP) – Golden State Warriors center DeMarcus Cousins, who hasn’t played in nearly a year, remains on track for a Friday return when the reigning NBA champions visit the Los Angeles Clippers.  Warriors coach Steve Kerr said Tuesday before Golden State faced Denver in a showdown of Western Conference leaders that steady progress has continued for Cousins, who was sidelined after surgery to repair a ruptured left Achilles tendon.      “It’s a relief. It’s been a long year for me, a lot of ups and downs,” Cousins said last week. “But the finish line is ahead and I’m extremely excited to be back on the floor.”  Cousins will make his debut for Golden State after being signed to a one-year free agent deal last July. He spent last season with the New Orleans Pelicans after seven campaigns with the Sacramento Kings.  Four-time NBA All-Star Cousins joining a team that has already reached the past four NBA Finals and won three of them raised talk of the Warriors ruining the league, their domination set to be complete with a potential starting lineup of All-Stars in Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Klay Thompson, Draymond Green and Cousins.    The Warriors have worked with Cousins on how he might blend with the current Golden State lineup, giving the reigning champions even more versatility and talent in matchups with foes.  “It’s a relief. It’s been a long year for me, a lot of ups and downs,” Cousins said last week. “But the finish line is ahead and I’m extremely excited to be back on the floor.”  Cousins was injured on January 26 of last year, four days after he became the first NBA player in 46 years with 40 points, 20 rebounds and 10 assists in a game. The injury came in the final seconds of a 115-113 Pelicans victory over Houston in which Cousins had 15 points, 13 rebounds and 11 assists.  The 28-year-old American says he has not changed the way he plays the game despite sitting out almost a year.  “Same person. I play with a chip on my shoulder,” Cousins said. “I use different things as fuel to keep me moving forward. I’m looking forward to proving myself on the floor.”  
  Washington (AFP) – New York Knicks center Enes Kanter, staying home from an NBA game Thursday in London over safety fears, ripped Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in a Washington Post column Tuesday.  Kanter, who says he receives death threats for his complaints against Erdogan, said he refused to join the Knicks on the trip to Britain for a game against the Washington Wizards because he worried Erdogan might have him kidnapped or killed.      “Anyone who speaks out against him is a target. I am definitely a target. And Erdogan wants me back in Turkey where he can silence me,” the 26-year-old Turkish standout wrote in an opinion essay on the newspaper’s website.  Kanter says he is often told to “keep calm and play ball” rather than speak out against Erdogan, but said he prefers the philosophy of former NFL star Colin Kaepernick, who began kneeling during the pre-game US anthem to protest racial inequality and social injustice.  “The advice I prefer comes from Colin Kaepernick’s Nike ad campaign: ‘Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything,’” Kanter wrote.    Kanter said Erdogan uses global law-enforcement group Interpol “as a tool for having his critics arrested in other countries” and worried because he lacks US citizenship or a US passport.  “I can’t risk traveling overseas. Even if I did, I wouldn’t travel this week to Britain, where I easily could be kidnapped or killed by Turkish agents,” he wrote.  “Erdogan’s arms are long. He hunts down anyone who opposes him. In 2017, his security team —- or thugs, as The Post’s editorial board described them —- even beat up peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador’s residence in Washington.  “The situation in Turkey has been very bad since a failed coup attempt in 2016. Erdogan unleashed a massive purge, firing more than 100,000 public-sector workers and imprisoning more than 50,000 people. These people are not criminals. They include judges, academics and journalists. Erdogan thinks free speech is dangerous, and he accuses critics of being terrorists.”  Kanter, 26, recounted being on the run from police in Indonesia and fearing he might be sent to Turkey when he arrived in Romania. After help from US lawmakers to get back into the United States, Kanter learned a Turkish arrest warranted for him had been issued.    “Turkish prosecutors want to put me in jail for four years for insulting Erdogan on Twitter. They claim I am a member of an ‘armed terrorist organization,’” Kanter wrote.  “I was lucky. Turkish business executives, educators and others around the world have been kidnapped or detained, and then deported back to Turkey by governments eager to stay in Erdogan’s good graces.  “Erdogan is a strongman and I knew there would be a backlash for the things I’ve said about him and the Turkish government, but I didn’t know it would be like this.”  – ‘Dictator is wrecking Turkey’ –  Kanter said he skipped last year’s Human Rights Foundation Freedom Forum in Oslo for reasons similar to those keeping him off the court this week in England.  “I receive many death threats. I used to love walking around New York City alone, but I can’t do that anymore. My friends and family in Turkey could be arrested just for talking to me,” he wrote.  “My decision not to travel to London was difficult from a competitive standpoint but much easier from a safety one. It helps puts a spotlight on how a dictator is wrecking Turkey — people have been killed, thousands are unjustly imprisoned and countless lives have been ruined. That is no game.”  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Senators asked a panel of legal experts about attorney general nominee William Barr’s interpretation of the U.S. Constitution on Wednesday, Day 2 of his confirmation hearing.  The judiciary committee questioned legal experts specifically about Barr’s belief in the unitary executive theory, an interpretation of the Constitution that gives the president power to control the entire executive branch.      “It’s hard for me to understand why, with our Constitution, our Bill of Rights, why we want someone who is powerful in every way to take these actions,” Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., said  Neil Kinkopf, a law professor from Georgia State University College of Law, testified on the theory and whether a president can be indicted while in office. Senators asked Kinkopf what kind of questions they should ask Barr. He said they should ask whether President Donald Trump has the power to fire special counsel Robert Mueller, just as he fired FBI director James Comey early on in his presidency.  “I have no doubt that he will stand up for his vision of the Constitution and that’s what I find so troubling,” Kinkopf said. “He says directly that the president alone is the executive branch.”    Former Attorney General Michael R. Mukasey, who served under President George W. Bush, also said presidents can be removed through impeachment if they abuse their power. He said Barr is a self-described “law nerd.”  When asked at Tuesday’s hearing whether a sitting president can be indicted, Barr said he sees no reason to change current policy, which protects the president.  “For 40 years, the position of the executive branch has been you can’t indict a sitting president,” he said.  Barr emphasized that as attorney general he plans to act independently of Trump and won’t “be bullied” into anything that violates the law.  Senators also asked a panel of experts about how an attorney general should uphold the Voting Rights Act. Accusations of voter suppression and other illegal practices were reported across the country in the November midterm.  “The attorney general does not have the option of which laws they want to enforce,” said Marc Morial, president and CEO of the National Urban League in New York. “I think that this nominee should be asked whether he is going to restore that integrity to the Voting Rights Act.”  Morial also addressed the deadly opioid crisis that killed an estimated 60,000 Americans in 2018. He said it’s important that the next attorney general focuses on treating this epidemic rather than continue the “ill-advised policy” of mass incarceration.  Mary Kate Cary, a former speechwriter for President George H.W. Bush, recalled a story when Barr toured a local jail to meet with criminals, talking with them about their lives. She said this showed his compassionate side while he was attorney general under Bush.  Barr was nominated by Trump to fill the attorney general spot, which has been vacant since Jeff Sessions resigned in November. The Senate judiciary committee could vote on Barr’s confirmation next month.  
  DETROIT (AP) — Michigan State interim President John Engler submitted his resignation Wednesday amid public backlash over his comments about women and girls sexually assaulted by now-imprisoned campus sports doctor Larry Nassar.  Engler, who had resisted earlier pressure to resign, announced his plans in an 11-page letter to Dianne Byrum, chairwoman of Michigan State’s Board of Trustees. It makes no mention of recent criticism of his remarks and instead lists what he considers to be his accomplishments in his one year of service, saying the university is a “dramatically better, stronger institution.”      Engler said he was in Texas attending a service for his late father-in-law. He says his resignation is effective on Jan. 23.  His sudden reversal tops off a stormy period for the university under Engler and is the second time a Michigan State president left during the Nassar scandal.  The final straw for the university’s board came last week when Engler told The Detroit News that Nassar’s victims had been in the “spotlight” and are “still enjoying that moment at times, you know, the awards and recognition.”    Nassar is now serving decades-long prison sentences for sexually assaulting patients and possessing child pornography.  The AP left messages Wednesday seeking comment from Engler, who was hired last February following the resignation of president Lou Anna Simon over the Nassar scandal.  Brian Mosallam told The Associated Press Wednesday that “the votes are there” to force Engler out at a special board meeting scheduled Thursday at the school in East Lansing.  Byrum stopped short of confirming that she asked Engler to resign but told the AP “he has a decision to make” because the board is poised to name a new interim leader at Thursday’s meeting. Both Byrum and Mosallam are Democrats, and Engler is a former Republican governor.  Mosallam, a long-time Engler critic, said Wednesday on Twitter that “JOHN ENGLER’S REIGN OF TERROR IS OVER.” His tweet followed a post by Byrum announcing Thursday’s meeting.    After Engler was hired by the board, Michigan State agreed to a $500 million settlement with 332 women and girls who said they were sexually assaulted by Nassar. Of that, $75 million will cover future claims.  In April, Engler told another university official in emails that Rachael Denhollander, the first woman to go public with her accusations about Nassar, was probably getting a “kickback” from her attorney.  Denhollander told the AP Wednesday that her hope is that the board “is signaling at least the beginning of a true change in direction and tone. And in order to do that, they have to deal with the person they put in place.”  She said who Engler was and how he operated “was no secret in Michigan.” The former board — five members remain and three are gone — picked Engler “for a reason,” she said, and it “needs to take responsibility for what they did.”  Her biggest concern with Engler’s tenure has been what he has “communicated about abuse,” Denhollander said. “What he has communicated is that survivors who speak up will be attacked and blamed and shamed, that those who push for change are going to be accused of enjoying the spotlight, that they will be lied about.”    The elected board has five Democrats, two Republicans and an appointee who was named last month by then-Gov. Rick Snyder. The board’s makeup became more Democratic in the November election. Engler, a Michigan State alum, served as governor from 1991 through 2002.  The university fired Nassar in 2016, two years after he was the subject of a sexual assault investigation. He also worked with the U.S. Olympic gymnastics team.  Hundreds of women and girls, most of them gymnasts, accused Nassar of molesting them when they sought treatment during his time working for Michigan State and USA Gymnastics, which trained Olympians.  A special prosecutor in December accused Michigan State of stonewalling his investigation into the school’s handling of the scandal. Bill Forsyth released a report that said the school fought the release of certain relevant documents and released others that were heavily redacted or irrelevant. It says such actions hampered the investigation.  “Their biggest concern was the reputation of the university,” Forsyth said at a news conference.  ___  Eggert reported from Lansing, Mich.  ___  For more stories on Larry Nassar and the fallout from his years of sexual abuse of young women and girls: https://www.apnews.com/LarryNassar  
  China’s state-run Global Times published a scathing critique of Chinese security staff on Wednesday, deriding many security guards as poorly trained, out-of-shape, and too elderly for their demanding positions.   Although it was only very briefly mentioned in the article, this concern was prompted by last week’s attack on a school classroom in Beijing.  “Various types of security workers can be found in public places like shopping malls, banks, and housing estates, and they have one thing in common: people cannot help but doubt if these workers are really capable of protecting them,” the Global Times wrote.      ”Some guards always look droopy, some are too skinny to even fit their uniforms and some too old to make people believe they can act fast enough during emergencies,” the article lamented.    The Global Times found this sad state of affairs to be no fault of the Chinese government, instead blaming irresponsible and exploitative security companies for evading regulations and underpaying their employees:  It is relatively easy for people neither certified by [public security bureaus] nor experienced in the industry to find a guard’s job because employers usually don’t expect much from them.   And due to low income and status, people are unwilling to stay with the industry for long, especially those who are skilled and educated such as retired soldiers.   In Beijing, the disposable income of a majority of security workers, who mostly come from rural areas, was less than 300 yuan ($44.4) per month in 2015, and it was normal for five or six of them to share a room, Workers’ Daily reported.   Besides, proper training is rare to keep security workers primed. The problem is especially serious in malls and companies that hire people indiscriminately.  Guards are sometimes hired to check the must-do list rather than to plan for emergencies. Hence, security workers at these places are often misfits.   “China is one of the safest countries in the world, but various forms of violent assault that are becoming increasingly common have rung alarm bells ” the Global Times asserted.  Last week’s rampage in Beijing injured at least twenty primary-school children. The injuries were inflicted by a former employee who was apparently angry that his contract to work in the school’s maintenance department was not renewed. The assailant reportedly used a hammer that was one of the tools he employed in his lost job. Parents have been described as angry and incredulous that the school could not protect their children, especially since it is located in the national capital.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Two U.S. service members, a defense contractor and a Department of Defense civilian were killed in an attack Wednesday near Syria’s border with Turkey — a bombing claimed by the Islamic State terror group, officials said.  U.S. Central Command confirmed the four deaths in a statement, adding three service members were also injured in the explosion, which occurred while the service members were conducting a local engagement in Manbij, a key city in northern Syria patrolled by a U.S.-led coalition.      The soldiers died at a busy restaurant. The explosion happened when a suicide bomber approached coalition forces and blew himself up.  Video footage showed an explosion on a busy street and what appeared to be a U.S. helicopter evacuating the injured.  The Islamic State — also identified as ISIS, ISIL and Daesh — claimed credit for the attack on its news website Amaq.    Operation Inherent Resolve confirmed the deaths of soldiers, saying in a Twitter post coalition members were conducting a “routine patrol” in the area.  “U.S. service members were killed during an explosion while conducting a routine patrol in Syria today. We are still gathering information and will share additional details at a later time,” OIR wrote.  Manbij is an area that’s patrolled by U.S. troops backing the Syrian Democratic Forces. Wednesday’s attack is the first to include U.S. casualties since President Donald Trump announced a full U.S. withdrawal from Syria.  That announcement led to the resignation of U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis and calls from Republican legislators like U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., for Trump to reconsider. Since then, national security adviser John Bolton has said the pullout will be based on conditions that protect Kurdish fighters, who’ve been part of the U.S.-led coalition.  “Our deepest sympathies and love go out to the families of the brave American heroes who were killed today in Syria,” White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said. “We also pray for the soldiers who were wounded in the attack. Our service members and their families have all sacrificed so much for our country.”  
  VALLEY FORGE, Pa. (AP) — John C. Bogle, who simplified investing for the masses by launching the first index mutual fund and founded Vanguard Group, died Wednesday. He was 89.  Bogle did not invent the index fund, but he expanded access to no-frills, low-cost investing in 1976 when Vanguard introduced the first index fund for individual investors, rather than institutional clients. The emergence of funds that passively tracked market indexes, like the Standard & Poor’s 500, enabled investors to avoid the higher fees charged by professional fund managers who frequently fail to beat the market. More often than not, the higher operating expenses that fund managers pass on to their shareholders cancel out any edge they may achieve through expert stock-picking.      Bogle and Vanguard shook up the industry further in 1977. The company ended its reliance on outside brokers and instead began directly marketing its funds to investors without charging upfront fees known as sales loads.  Bogle served as Vanguard’s chairman and CEO from its 1974 founding until 1996. He stepped down as senior chairman in 2000, but remained a critic of the fund industry and Wall Street, writing books, delivering speeches and running the Bogle Financial Markets Research Center.  In a statement Wednesday, the investor advocate group Better Markets called Bogle “a tireless advocate for the small investor and the conscience of the financial industry.”    The advent of index funds accelerated a long-term decline in fund fees and fostered greater competition in the industry. Investors paid 40 percent less in fees for each dollar invested in stock mutual funds during 2017 than they did at the start of the millennium, for example. But Bogle continued to maintain that many funds were overcharging investors, and once called the industry “the poster-boy for one of the most baneful chapters in the modern history of capitalism.”  Though his name wasn’t as widely known as Warren Buffett’s, the Vanguard founder won followers who dubbed themselves “Bogleheads” and who invested in index funds for the long haul.  Bogle also believed that the corporate structure of most fund companies poses an inherent conflict of interest, because a public fund company could put the interests of investors in its stock ahead of those owning shares of its mutual funds. Vanguard has a unique corporate structure in which its mutual funds and fund shareholders are the corporation’s “owners.” Profits are plowed back into the company’s operations, and used to reduce fees.  “In effect, Vanguard rebates to its owners the enormous profits that other investment managers sock away for themselves,” Bogle said in a 2005 speech.  Index funds gradually chipped away at the once-dominant market position of actively managed funds, a trend fueled by performance data that consistently shows index funds produce better returns than a majority of managed funds, after costs are factored in. Actively managed funds still control more in total dollars than index funds, but the trend is clear. In 2017, investors plugged $691.6 billion into index funds while pulling $7 billion out of actively managed funds, according to Morningstar.    The best approach, Bogle maintained, is to inexpensively invest in lots of stocks through diversified index mutual funds, and hold them for decades, rather than trading in and out as the market shifts.  In a 2008 interview with The Associated Press, Bogle said that index investing “is the ultimate buy-and-hold, all-American business strategy. It is the gold standard; there is no way around it. Mathematically, indexing wins. And if the data don’t show indexing wins, well then, the data are wrong.”  More investors have bought in, and Vanguard, based in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, managed $4.9 trillion globally at the end of 2018.  Vanguard’s first index fund, then known as First Index Investment Trust, was launched on Aug. 31, 1976, with a total of $11.4 million. It was derided for years as “Bogle’s folly.” Critics maintained that it aimed only for mediocrity and missed moneymaking opportunities outside the index’s narrow focus.  Investors, however, were eventually won over. That initial fund is now the Vanguard 500 Index fund with $400 billion in assets. It is no longer Vanguard’s biggest fund, but remains among the company’s lowest-cost offerings. Shareholders are charged annual operating expenses of $4 for every $10,000 invested — a fraction of the $100 and up that actively managed mutual funds may charge.    “Jack Bogle made an impact on not only the entire investment industry, but more importantly, on the lives of countless individuals saving for their futures or their children’s futures,” said Vanguard CEO Tim Buckley in the statement announcing Bogle’s death.  Bogle spent the first part of his career at Wellington Management Co., a mutual fund company then based in Philadelphia. He rose through the ranks and, in his mid-30s, was tapped to run Wellington.  He engineered a merger with a boutique firm that was making huge sums, but was ousted after the stock market tanked in the early 1970s, wiping out millions in Wellington’s assets. He said he learned an important lesson in how little money managers really know about predicting the market.  “I got wrapped up in the excitement of the go-go era, and the go-go era ended,” Bogle told Fortune magazine in 2007. “As a result of that stupid decision, I got fired. The great thing about that mistake … was that I learned a lot. And if I had not been fired then, there would not have been a Vanguard.”  He chose the name in honor of the HMS Vanguard, Lord Nelson’s ship in the British victory over the French in 1798.  During his tenure at Vanguard, Bogle suffered several heart attacks and underwent a heart transplant in 1996, the year he stepped down as CEO. He reached the mandatory retirement age of 70 for Vanguard directors in 1999 and left as senior chairman the next year following a dispute with then-CEO John Brennan and the board over whether he could stay on.  Bogle became president of the Bogle Financial Markets Research Center in 2000, which served as his bully pulpit. He spent his days answering fan mail, preparing speeches, writing books and appearing as a commentator on television.  In 2004, Time magazine named Bogle as one of the world’s 100 most powerful and influential people. Five years later, he personally filed a friend-of-the-court brief in a fund fee case that came before the U.S. Supreme Court.  John Clifton Bogle was born in May 1929 in Montclair, New Jersey, to a well-off family; his grandfather founded a brick company and was co-founder of the American Can Co. in which his father worked. The stock market crash five months after his birth and the ensuing Great Depression, however, shuttered the family business and forced the family to sell its home.  Bogle attended Manasquan High School in Manasquan, New Jersey, for a time, then got a scholarship to the prestigious all-boys Blair Academy in Blairstown, New Jersey. It was at Blair that Bogle discovered his knack for math. He graduated from Blair in 1947 and was voted most likely to succeed.  Bogle graduated from Princeton with a degree in economics in 1951. His thesis was on the fund industry, which was then still in its infancy.  Vanguard did not provide a cause of death. Philly.com is reporting he died of cancer, citing Bogle’s family. Bogle is survived by his wife, Eve, six children, 12 grandchildren and six great-grandchildren.  __  AP Business Writer Marcy Gordon contributed to this report from Washington.  
  The Los Angeles branch of the Democratic Socialists of America (DSA) has joined the ongoing strike by the local teachers’ union, turning out to support picket lines and to hurl abuse at “scabs” hired by the school district.  The “scabs” have been hired to supervise group activities for the roughly one-third of students who are still attending school during the strike because their parents cannot afford to take time off work or to pay for child care.  Many of the teachers on the picket lines happen to be wearing red, traditionally favored by communists and socialists. Demonstrators told Breitbart News at one protest Wednesday that the color red simply stands for solidarity, and also happens to be the color favored by their union, the United Teachers Los Angeles (UTLA).      Teachers who have gone on strike in other parts of the country recently have also favored red, often referring to their protests with the hashtag “#Red4Ed.” The National Education Association (NEA), the nationwide teachers’ union and the largest union in the U.S., has adopted the “Red for Ed” label in support of strikes across the country.  The Los Angeles DSA posted several photos and videos of its exploits this week, and retweeting “confrontations”:    Hey @AustinLASchools: You’re saving $1.6 billion in a rainy day fund. Well, today is that day. #RedForEd #StrikeReady #UTLAStrong pic.twitter.com/jpOWkDbIp6  — DSA Los Angeles (@DSA_LosAngeles) January 14, 2019
  Los Angeles (AFP) – American singer and songwriter Alicia Keys will host the Grammy Awards next month, she announced Tuesday, one year after the gala came under fire over diversity concerns.  Keys — herself a 15-time Grammy winner — will be the emcee for music’s biggest night, which this year features a diverse slate of women and hip hop artists as leading contenders.      “I know what it feels like to be on that stage, and I know what it feels like to be proud of the work that you’ve put in and to be recognized for it,” Keys said in a video posted on social media.  “I feel like it’s the perfect opportunity for me to give the light back and lift people up — especially all the young women that are nominated,” she added.  “To me, it feels like sister vibes.”    Keys replaces James Corden, the British-late night comedian who has hosted the awards the past two years.  Since releasing her blockbuster album “Songs in A Minor” in 2001, classically trained pianist Keys has sold more than 30 million records and become a successful film, television and Broadway producer.  Her appointment as Grammy host comes after the Recording Academy — which organizes the event — faced backlash that the show is consistently too male and too white.  Academy head Neil Portnow said in May he would step aside when his contract expires later this year, after he triggered outrage after saying women artists should “step up.”  “A dynamic artist with the rare combination of groundbreaking talent and passion for her craft, Alicia Keys is the perfect choice as host for our show,” Portnow said in a statement.  Rap superstar Kendrick Lamar is leading the Grammy pack with eight nominations, propelled mostly by his work on the “Black Panther” soundtrack.  Women performers also boast a heavy presence in top categories after being largely snubbed a year ago.   Rapper Cardi B, pop diva Lady Gaga and folk-rock singer Brandi Carlile all nabbed key nominations for the show, which will take place on February 10 in Los Angeles.  
  New York (AFP) – The National Hockey League has slapped Montreal Canadiens forward Paul Byron with a three-game ban for an illegal hit on Florida Panthers defenceman MacKenzie Weegar, the league confirmed Wednesday.   Byron was given a charging penalty on the play in the second period of the Canadiens 5-1 win over the Panthers on Tuesday.       Weegar is being monitored by team doctors for a possible concussion after Byron’s shoulder hit him in the head knocking Weegar’s helmet off.    “There is no reason why the shoulder of Byron should be making direct and forceful contact with Weegar’s head,” a spokesman for the league’s disciplinary committee said on Wednesday.  This is the first suspension in Byron’s 397-game NHL career.  Byron will also forfeit $19,000 of his salary and will miss games on Friday against Columbus, Saturday against Philadelphia and January 23 against Arizona.  He’ll be eligible to return on February 2 against New Jersey.  
  London (AFP) – British Prime Minister Theresa May reached out to her opponents on Wednesday after narrowly surviving a confidence vote sparked by the crushing defeat in parliament of her Brexit deal.  After a tumultuous 24 hours which she admitted voters might find “unsettling”, she conceded the divorce terms she struck with the EU had been roundly rejected, but vowed to work to find an alternative.      “Now MPs have made clear what they don’t want, we must all work constructively together to set out what parliament does want,” May said in a televised evening address to the nation.  On Tuesday, MPs dealt the prime minister the heaviest drubbing in modern British political history by rejecting the divorce agreement by a stunning 432 votes to 202.  But May emerged victorious on Wednesday night in a confidence vote triggered by the opposition Labour party, the first for 26 years, winning 325 votes to 306.    She set out a schedule of cross-party talks that began immediately with meetings with the Scottish nationalist, Welsh nationalist and the pro-EU Liberal Democrat leaders.  “We must find solutions that are negotiable and command sufficient support in this House,” she had told earlier told parliament.  However, opposition leaders set out a list of demands for cooperating, including discussing delaying Brexit beyond March 29, and ruling out the possibility that Britain crashes out without any deal at all.  – Late night talks –  May is working on the tightest-possible deadline as Britain prepares to leave the bloc that for half a century defined its economic and political relations with the rest of the world.    Her defeat sparked warnings from European leaders that the prospect of “no deal” had increased, with the potential for huge economic disruption on both sides of the Channel.  May must return to parliament on Monday with a Plan B that she and her team intend to negotiate with various MPs through the weekend.    But main opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said he would only meet May if she could “remove clearly, once and for all the prospect of the catastrophe of a no-deal Brexit”.  May said she was “disappointed” by Corbyn’s decision and stressed that “our door remains open”.  Ian Blackford of the Scottish National Party (SNP) said after meeting May late Wednesday that his 35-seat party would only hold “genuine” talks.    If she were prepared to consider delaying Brexit, ruling out “no deal” and the option of holding a second referendum, they would participate, he said in a letter afterwards.   May has flatly rejected a second vote.  – Divorce delay? –  May survived Wednesday thanks to the support of members of her Conservative Party and its Northern Irish allies in the Democratic Union Party.  But more than a third of the Conservatives and all 10 DUP members of parliament voted against her Brexit arrangements on Tuesday — each for their own reason.  May will thus tread carefully as she tries to win over opposition lawmakers — many of whom want to remain in the EU — while also attempting to appease more hardened Brexit-backing coalition partners.  She stuck to two key principles on Wednesday: limiting EU migration and pursuing an independent trade policy.  Both points rule out Labour hopes of membership of an EU customs union or its single market.  Yet she also hinted at the possibility of delaying Brexit.  May said the EU would allow this “if it was clear that there was a plan that was moving toward an agreed deal”.  EU officials have said extending the negotiating period could be possible until the newly-elected European Parliament meets in July.  – Blurred lines –  European leaders have repeatedly said they will not reopen the draft withdrawal agreement sealed at a special Brussels summit in December.  French President Emmanuel Macron suggested the EU might be willing to tweak a few minor points — but only if they did not alter the bloc’s existing position on trade and borders.  “We won’t, just to solve Britain’s domestic political issues, stop defending European interests,” he said.  German Chancellor Angela Merkel said there was time for talks as long as London could present a clear and united position.  “We’re now waiting on what the prime minister proposes,” she said.  And Irish Prime Leo Varadkar added “that if the United Kingdom were to evolve from its red lines on the customs union and on the single market, that the European Union could evolve also.”  
  VALLEY FORGE, Pa. (AP) — John C. Bogle, who simplified investing for the masses by launching the first index mutual fund and founded Vanguard Group, died Wednesday, the company said. He was 89.  Bogle did not invent the index fund, but he expanded access to no-frills, low-cost investing in 1976 when Vanguard introduced the first index fund for individual investors, rather than institutional clients.      The emergence of funds that passively tracked market indexes, like the Standard & Poor’s 500, enabled investors to avoid the higher fees charged by professional fund managers who frequently fail to beat the market. More often than not, the higher operating expenses that fund managers pass on to their shareholders cancel out any edge they may achieve through expert stock-picking.  Bogle and Vanguard shook up the industry further in 1977. The company ended its reliance on outside brokers and instead began directly marketing its funds to investors without charging upfront fees known as sales loads.  Bogle served as Vanguard’s chairman and CEO from its 1974 founding until 1996.    He stepped down as senior chairman in 2000, but remained a critic of the fund industry and Wall Street, writing books, delivering speeches and running the Bogle Financial Markets Research Center.  The advent of index funds accelerated a long-term decline in fund fees and fostered greater competition in the industry. Investors paid 40 percent less in fees for each dollar invested in stock mutual funds during 2017 than they did at the start of the millennium, for example. But Bogle continued to maintain that many funds were overcharging investors, and once called the industry “the poster-boy for one of the most baneful chapters in the modern history of capitalism.”  Bogle also believed that the corporate structure of most fund companies poses an inherent conflict of interest, because a public fund company could put the interests of investors in its stock ahead of those owning shares of its mutual funds. Vanguard has a unique corporate structure in which its mutual funds and fund shareholders are the corporation’s “owners.” Profits are plowed back into the company’s operations, and used to reduce fees.  Vanguard, based in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, manages $5 trillion globally. It helped usher in a new era of investing, and index funds have increasingly become the default choice for investors. In 2017, investors plugged $691.6 billion into index funds while pulling $7 billion out of actively managed funds, according to Morningstar.  Vanguard offers both index and managed funds, but remains best-known for its index offerings. Vanguard’s original index fund, now known as the Vanguard 500 Index, is no longer the company’s biggest, but remains among the company’s lowest-cost funds.    Bogle spent the first part of his career at Wellington Management Co., a mutual fund company, then based in Philadelphia. He rose through the ranks and, in his mid-30s, was tapped to run Wellington.  He engineered a merger with a boutique firm that was making huge sums, but was ousted after the stock market tanked in the early 1970s, wiping out millions in Wellington’s assets. He said he learned an important lesson in how little money managers really know about predicting the market.  Bogle suffered several heart attacks and underwent a heart transplant in 1996, the year he stepped down as CEO. He reached the mandatory retirement age of 70 for Vanguard directors in 1999 and left as senior chairman the next year.  Vanguard did not provide a cause of death. Philly.com is reporting he died of cancer, citing Bogle’s family.  John Clifton Bogle was born in May 1929 in Montclair, New Jersey, to a well-off family; his grandfather founded a brick company and was co-founder of the American Can Co. in which his father worked.  Bogle attended Manasquan High School in Manasquan, N.J, for a time, then got a scholarship to the prestigious all-boys Blair Academy in Blairstown, New Jersey. It was at Blair that Bogle discovered his knack for math. He graduated from Blair in 1947 and was voted most likely to succeed.  Bogle graduated from Princeton with a degree in economics in 1951. His thesis was on the mutual fund industry, which was then still in its infancy.  Bogle is survived by his wife, Eve, six children, 12 grandchildren and six great-grandchildren.  
  LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — The woman who accused Kentucky’s former House speaker of sexual harassment said in a deposition that the lawmaker made more than 50 unwanted sexual advances while she worked for the House Republican Caucus, according to media accounts of the woman’s testimony.  The Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting and Kentucky Public Radio published details of the woman’s sealed deposition in which she described “nearly daily touching” and said she feared hurting her career if she reported state Rep. Jeff Hoover’s actions.      The woman, who gave the testimony as part of whistleblower lawsuits filed by two others who worked at the state Capitol in Frankfort, said she and Hoover never had sex but that he touched her sexually without her consent, the reports said.  The woman, identified as Jane Doe, said under oath in the deposition last October that Hoover groped her in the hallway or in the elevator and touched her between her legs under the table at gatherings, the report said.  She also testified she sent Hoover a nude photo of herself at his request — she said she felt pressured to do so because he was her boss — and that he “was grabbing at my underwear and touching between my legs” in his truck after a staff dinner.    She testified that Hoover once asked her to spread her legs so he could look up her dress, and in another instance, said he came up behind her at work and lifted her dress so he could “look at my underwear.” She said she didn’t consider it consensual.  The news organizations didn’t say how they obtained the document.  Hoover and his attorney, Leslie Vose, did not immediately respond to phone calls Wednesday seeking comment.  Vose told the news organizations that revealed details of the deposition that “significant pieces” of the woman’s testimony need closer examination and she wants to question the woman in another deposition.  Kentucky’s Democratic Party responded to the report by calling on Hoover and another Republican, state Rep. Michael Meredith, to resign immediately. The woman said in her testimony that Meredith made a vulgar comment to her at a legislative conference and begged her to have sex with him, according to the report. Vose also represents Meredith, who did not immediately return a call seeking comment.    “The behavior described by the woman they targeted and other witnesses is horrifying,” state Democratic Party spokeswoman Marisa McNee said in a statement Wednesday. “Republican leadership has ignored this for far too long.”  The state Republican Party declined comment on whether Hoover and Meredith should resign. But a party official said the GOP-led House is taking on the issue of sexual harassment “in a real and meaningful way.”  Hoover and Meredith were among four Republican House lawmakers who signed a secret $110,000 sexual harassment settlement with the woman. Hoover, the state’s first GOP House speaker in nearly a century, resigned the leadership post in early 2018 but kept his legislative seat. Hoover and Meredith were re-elected last year. The other two lawmakers opted not to seek re-election.  Hoover has denied he sexually harassed the woman but acknowledged sending her what he called inappropriate but consensual text messages.  Former House GOP Communications Director Daisy Olivo and ex-House Clerk Brad Metcalf said they reported the harassment allegations but were punished by GOP lawmakers seeking to cover them up. Both filed lawsuits in state court. The former legislative aide identified as Jane Doe gave her deposition as part of those suits. Her attorney, Gail Langendorf, declined comment Wednesday on the media report detailing the deposition.    An attorney for Hoover and Meredith wants to cross-examine the staffer in another deposition.  Two judges issued conflicting orders on the request. One judge shielded the woman from any follow-up deposition, while another judge said he would allow the woman to be compelled to testify again. Langendorf said she will challenge any attempts to depose her client, saying other attorneys had chances to litigate her claims previously but didn’t.  “That ship has sailed,” she said by phone.  Last year, the Legislative Research Commission publicly reprimanded Hoover and fined him $1,000. The commission dismissed ethics complaints against the other three lawmakers.  Meanwhile, a former Kentucky lawmaker whose name surfaced in the deposition, resigned as director of government relations at the state’s Department of Education. Brad Montell said via social media Wednesday that his departure prevents “recent events from creating a distraction” for the department. In her deposition, the woman said when she asked Montell to donate to a political candidate, he replied he’d only do so if she sat in his lap and signed the checks for him, according to the media reports.  Montell’s social media post didn’t respond directly to the allegation and he could not be reached for comment. He wasn’t involved in the $110,000 settlement.  
  As the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) turns 25 this year, American manufacturing jobs and U.S. workers’ wages continue trying to come back after more than a decade of massive layoffs and stagnant pay.  During its enactment, free trade proponents claimed NAFTA would create a million U.S. jobs in its first five years. Not only did these job numbers never come to fruition, but NAFTA has more easily allowed multinational corporations to outsource and offshore American jobs to Canada and Mexico.  “I believe that NAFTA will create 200,000 American jobs in the first two years of its effect … I believe that NAFTA will create a million jobs in the first five years of its impact,” former President Bill Clinton said in 1993.      Instead, nearly a million American jobs have been certified by the federal government as being lost directly due to NAFTA, according to data gathered by Public Citizen. These are only the U.S. jobs that the Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) program recognizes as being lost to free trade and does not indicate the actual number of jobs lost.  For example, free trade with Mexico, alone, has eliminated at least 700,000 American jobs as states in the Rust Belt have been hit the hardest. Those states and the number of American workers impacted include:    14,500 American workers displaced in Wisconsin  43,600 American workers displaced in Michigan  2,600 American workers displaced in West Virginia  26,300 American workers displaced in Pennsylvania  34,900 American workers displaced in Ohio  34,300 American workers displaced in New York  6,500 American workers displaced in Iowa  24,400 American workers displaced in Indiana  34,700 American workers displaced in Illinois    As trade deficits have soared nearly 600 percent since NAFTA’s enactment, close to five million American manufacturing jobs were eliminated from the U.S. economy, encompassing the net shuttering of nearly 50,000 U.S. manufacturing facilities. This is a combined outcome from the U.S. entering NAFTA and entering the World Trade Organization (WTO) in 1995, as well as China entering the WTO in 2000.    Since 1994, California has lost more than 400,000 American jobs. Meanwhile, New York saw nearly 400,000 American jobs eliminated since 1994 and Texas’s economy eliminated close to 85,000 U.S. jobs.    (Public Citizen)  Most famously, the state of West Virginia has been enormously crippled by free trade and multilateral trade deals like NAFTA. One former steel town in West Virginia lost 94 percent of its steel jobs because of NAFTA, with nearly 10,000 workers in the town being displaced from the steel industry.  A worker in West Virginia told The Independent that the job creation promises of free traders have failed to ever replace the high-paying jobs lost to NAFTA.    “They talk about creating all these jobs,” he said. “But they’re just retail jobs that pay minimum wage, or just above.”  When it comes to U.S. wages, NAFTA has had a similar impact. As of 2017, about two out of every five American manufacturing workers who lost their jobs to NAFTA had their wages cut, Bureau of Labor Statistics data reveals.  “About one out of every four took a pay cut of greater than 20 percent,” Public Citizen’s analysis concludes. “For the average worker earning the median manufacturing wage of $39,500 per year, this meant an annual loss of at least $7,900.”  At the same time, billionaire corporate executives have enjoyed 15 times the wage growth compared to America’s bottom 90 percent since 1979, when America’s middle class was earning on average about $29,600 a year. Today, they are earning only about $6,600 more annually.  (Public Citizen)      Between 1979 and 2017, the wages of the bottom 90 percent — the country’s working and lower middle class — have grown by only about 22 percent, Economic Policy Institute (EPI) researchers find.  Compare that small wage increase over nearly four decades to the booming wage growth of America’s top one percent, who have seen their wages grow more than 155 percent during the same period.  The top 0.01 percent — the country’s billionaire class — saw their wages grow by more than 343 percent in the last four decades, more than 15 times the wage growth of the bottom 90 percent of Americans.  NAFTA and free trade proponents also claimed that mass illegal immigration to the U.S. from Mexico would slow because the trade agreement would lead to better working conditions in that country.  The promise, though, did not pan out. Between 1995 and 2008, illegal border crossings at the U.S.-Mexico border averaged more than a million a year. Current trends of illegal immigration at the southern border indicate that illegal border crossings will hit the highest level in a decade, potentially totaling 600,000.  John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.  
  Former Detroit Lions player Tony Beckham became enraged when he caught a strange man peering into his teen daughter’s bedroom and masturbating.  Beckham said he thought he was being “punk’d” when he caught a man peering into his teen daughter’s bedroom with his hands in his pants. But that didn’t stop the ex-NFL player from delivering a beat down to the offender.  A Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office report notes that Beckham happened to be walking out to his car when he saw a man police identified as Geoffrey Cassidy, 48, peering into the window of Beckham’s 14-year-old daughter, the Miami Herald reported.      Beckham told police that he saw the man “making a motion consistent with masturbating” and that the peeper’s pants were down around his knees with his “butt exposed.”  Beckham told police he yelled at the man who then turned and ran away.  But the ex-NFL player gave chase and easily caught up to the man. Beckham was beating the man when police arrived after having been called by a neighbor.    Cassidy claimed he just happened to be walking by the house because his car had broken down nearby and that Beckham was mistaken about his accusations. However, the suspect could not tell police where this car was. He also could not provide a phone number and told police he was a “transient.”  Beckham told the media that his family was frightened by the incident.  “They was crying, they’re scared,” the ex-player told WPEC-TV. “They all slept in the room with me last night.”  Police arrested Cassidy and transported him to a local hospital where he was reported to have sustained a fractured eye socket and cheekbone.  Cassidy was booked on lewd and lascivious exhibition and released from the West Detention Center on a $1,500 bond. He was ordered to appear in court on February 13.    Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.  
  An advertisement for employment on the Federal Business Opportunities website lists a job at the Department of Defense for scientists with ideas on how to use insect brains to develop “conscious robots.”  The ad, posted on the Federal Business Opportunities website, says the Department for Defense seeks concepts exploring “new computational frameworks and strategies drawn from the impressive computational capabilities of very small flying insects for whom evolutionary pressures have forced scale/size/energy reduction without loss of performance.”  According to a document explaining the opportunity in more detail to interested companies, the proposal seeks to help engineer robots that are quicker, more energy-efficient, and easier to train.      “Nature has forced on these small insects drastic miniaturization and energy efficiency, some having only a few hundred neurons in a compact form-factor while maintaining basic functionality,” the document reads. “Studying miniaturized insects may reveal fundamental innovations in architecture and computation analogous to their simultaneous simplicity, efficiency, and complex functionality.”    “Furthermore, these organisms are possibly able to display increased subjectivity of experience, which extends simple look-up table responses to potentially AI-relevant problem-solving,” it continues. “This research could lead to capability of inference, prediction, generalization and abstraction of problems in systematic or entirely news [sic] ways in order to find solutions to compelling problems.”  Proposals for the program, known as the Microscale Biomimetic Robust Artificial Intelligence Networks, or MicroBRAIN, must be submitted by February 4 while the program is scheduled to launch April 4. The winning company will receive $1 million.  The Pentagon’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency is known to be at the cutting age of futuristic technology and helped fund projects that led to the rise of the Internet. Some technologies reportedly in development include bullets that never miss their targets, bodysuits that give their users extreme strength, and prosthetic limbs so effective they would allow soldiers to return to frontline combat.  The U.S.’s ability to lead the world in military technology is key to the future of its status as the preeminent superpower, a status challenged increasingly by China’s plans for its own military technology. On Tuesday, an assessment released by the Pentagon concluded that in recent years Beijing has made massive technological strides in every aspect of military strength, which will eventually “enable China to impose its will in the region.”  Follow Ben Kew on Facebook, Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com.  
  The Women’s March is still scheduled to take place on Saturday on the National Mall in Washington, D.C., but the anti-President Donald Trump event has been losing the support of sponsors, including the Democratic National Committee, following charges its leaders are anti-Semitic.  The Daily Beast reported:    The Democratic National Committee has become the latest group to removed its name from the list of sponsors of the Women’s March less than 24 hours after one of the March’s leaders refused to denounce Louis Farrakhan during a nationally televised interview.  The committee’s name no longer appears on the Women’s March partner list on Monday, after march co-presidents Tamika Mallory and Bob Bland appeared on The View to address the criticism of their leadership and allegations of anti-semitism that have been levied against them by former members of their leadership team.  As recently as the morning of January 13, 2019, the DNC was listed among the ‘2019 Women’s March Sponsors,’ according to an internet archive search, but it is not longer on the website as of Tuesday. A DNC official declined to comment on the timing of the removal of their name from the list but the committee offered the following about its decision for dropping out of the march.  “The DNC stands in solidarity with all those fighting for women’s rights and holding the Trump administration and Republican lawmakers across the country accountable,” Sabrina Singh, DNC deputy communications director, said in the Daily Beast report. “Women are on the front lines of fighting back against this administration and are the core of our Democratic Party.”      Mallory has praised Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, a known anti-Semite.  Linda Sarsour, also a leader of the Women’s March, is a Palestinian American and outspoken critic of Israel.  Instead of condemning Farrakhan on The View, Mallory praised him again for “what he’s done in black communities.”    Other left-wing groups that have disappeared from the sponsors’ list, according to the Daily Beast, are the Southern Poverty Law Center, Emily’s List, Human Rights Campaign, NARAL, and the Center for American Progress.  “Less than half of the nearly 550 partners listed in 2018  have returned to support the third march,” the Daily Beast reported.  The Jewish publication Forward also reported on the controversy:  A Jewish Democratic operative told the Forward that Jewish, pro-Israel and LGBT groups had been lobbying Democrats for months to disaffiliate from from the Women’s March over its leaders’ ties to the anti-Semitic and homophobic Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan.  The operative added that top party leaders grew more receptive two months ago after a Tablet investigation alleged that the Women’s March leaders were themselves anti-Semitic, and not just allied with a prominent anti-Semite.  The DNC had not been a sponsor of the march in previous years, though DNC chairman Tom Perez spoke at the Women’s March main event last year in Las Vegas. The DNC was listed for the 2019 march as one of 175 partner organizations in a tweet from the Women’s March account on January 10. But by the 15th, the organization was no longer listed on the Women’s March website.  BuzzFeed News asked 11 Democrats who have presidential ambitions about the Women’s March and reported on Tuesday only four had responded and all said they would not attend the march – Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), Kamala Harris (D-CA), Sherrod Brown (D-OH) and Cory Booker (D-NY).  As Breitbart News reported “sister marches” across the nation, have dropped out of Saturday’s march.  So far, marches are canceled in Chicago, New Orleans, Washington state, and California, with the latter now defending itself after claiming one of the reasons it halted the event was too many white people were involved.  The Times-Standard in Northern California reported on the canceled march in the mostly white Humboldt County:  “After meeting periodically for several months, it became clear we were lacking a leadership group that properly represented our community,” event organizer Allison Edrington told the Times-Standard.  The Women’s March website is void of any mention of affiliate marches dropping out or sponsors pulling support.  “1/19/19: The #WomensWave It’s time to march again,” the website said.  Follow Penny Starr on Twitter  
  Authorities in Pakistan released a senior Taliban leader briefly detained this week to apply pressure on the narco-jihadi group to engage in U.S.-backed peace negotiations with the Afghan government, Reuters learned from the terrorist organization.  Pentagon officials have long accused Pakistan of harboring the Afghan Taliban and its Haqqani Network, an assertion denied by Islamabad. However, Pakistan has admitted to having a degree of influence over the terrorist group that it is trying to use to persuade the jihadis to accept the peace talks.  U.S. President Donald Trump has suspended hundreds of millions in funding over Islamabad’s reluctance to take decisive actions against the Taliban and Haqqani Network, to no avail.      This week, BBC learned from Taliban sources that Pakistan this week arrested Hafez Mohibullah, identified as the religious affairs minister when the Taliban regime ran Afghanistan before U.S. troops deposed it in late 2001. BBC described the Taliban leader’s detention as an attempt to put pressure on the jihadis to engage in the currently stalled peace negotiations with the Afghan government.  “There was a meeting with Pakistani officials on the upcoming peace talks which ended in arguments. Right afterward, the authorities raided a number of houses and arrested Mohibullah. After that [Taliban leader] Sheikh Hibatullah sent a message warning everyone to be alert,” a Taliban source declared, BBC reported Tuesday.  The following day, Reuters noted, “The Taliban confirmed that Mohibullah had been released on Wednesday and spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said he was safe.”    Reuters acknowledged that Mohibullah’s brief detention is part of a push by Islamabad to pressure the insurgents to open negotiations with Kabul.  The Taliban recently “halted” peace negotiations with the United States, citing America’s insistence that the group negotiates with the Afghan government as the primary reason. On Tuesday, the Taliban issued a statement threatening to completely end contact with the U.S. despite America’s ongoing pursuit of a negotiated end to the war.  “Hafiz Mohibullah, a senior military commander who has been closely involved in talks with the United States, was arrested in Peshawar, close to the border with Afghanistan, at the weekend but was subsequently released,” Reuters revealed.  “After his arrest, Pakistani authorities started raids on many other houses of the Taliban movement, their friends and commanders in different places in Pakistan,” one senior Taliban leader told Reuters on condition of anonymity.  Taliban terrorists have long refused to engage in negotiations with the Kabul, arguing that the Afghan government is a puppet of the United States.  The Trump administration has intensified America’s peace-seeking efforts in Afghanistan, making “political reconciliation” between the Taliban and Kabul the primary goal of its goal to end the nearly 17-year-old war.  
  New York (AFP) – US social media star and makeup mogul Kylie Jenner has had her world record for the most-liked image on Instagram swiped — by a photo of an ordinary brown egg.  Jenner’s birth announcement of daughter Stormi Webster on February 6 last year was the most popular post on the photo-sharing platform with 18.3 million likes but the egg, posted only 10 days ago, has already amassed 29.9 million.      “Let’s set a world record together and get the most liked post on Instagram. Beating the current world record held by Kylie Jenner (18 million)! We got this,” urged the account, named “world_record_egg.”    Jenner, 21 — the youngest of the Kardashian-Jenner clan that includes Kim Kardashian and Caitlyn Jenner — was magnanimous in her response, posting a video of her frying an egg on hot concrete.  “Take that little egg,” read the caption posted by the entrepreneur and socialite, whose net worth was estimated by Forbes magazine at $900 million, due in large part to her Kylie Cosmetics brand.    The identity of the individual behind the new record remains a mystery, although they told AFP they live in London.  “I thought it would be an interesting experiment to try and beat the record with something as basic as possible. Which led to me deciding on the egg,” they said.   “I guess it’s also a comment on celebrity culture and how fragile and easily cracked it is (pun intended).”  
  Beirut (AFP) – More than 2,000 people including dozens of Islamic State fighters left the jihadist group’s final holdout in eastern Syria in the past 24 hours, a monitor said Wednesday.  US-backed forces are waging a final assault on the area east of the Euphrates river and have provided buses to evacuate civilians and fighters trapped inside.      “In total, 2,200 people have left in the last 24 hours, including 180 IS fighters,” the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.  It said around 1,100 people, “mostly women and children as well as 80 IS members” had left in a convoy around noon on Wednesday.   Travelling in private cars and buses provided by the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), they were headed for camps run by the US-supported group, Observatory head Rami Abdel Rahman said.     The SDF, backed by air strikes from a US-led coalition, in September launched an offensive to oust IS from the rump of the once-sprawling “caliphate” it proclaimed in 2014.  Abdel Rahman said over 20,000 people have fled the area since the start of December, including Syria, Iraqi, Russian and Somali fighters.  The United Nations said Friday that overall some 25,000 people have fled the violence over the last six months as the die-hard jihadists have battled to defend their dwindling bastions.   Abdel Rahman said the outflow of evacuees had accelerated in recent days, with some 5,300 people including 500 IS fighters leaving since Friday, when the SDF-run evacuations started.  Thousands of people had already fled on foot before that.  The SDF has captured multiple districts in recent weeks, but IS still controls the village of Sousa, where the Kurdish-dominated force has been preparing for a final assault.   US-led strikes against the jihadist group’s final positions intensified on Wednesday.   That came after a suicide attack killed four US personnel in the northern town of Manbij, costing Washington its worst combat losses in the war-torn country since 2014 as it prepares to withdraw.  Sparked by the brutal repression of anti-Assad protests in 2011, Syria’s conflict has killed more than 360,000 people and displaced millions at home and abroad.  
  Washington (AFP) – US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo warned foreign businesses Wednesday to steer clear of formerly private properties seized by Cuba — and said he was considering allowing lawsuits over such assets in US courts.  Pompeo said he was reviewing whether to move forward on a section of a 1996 law that would allow Cuban exiles to sue both private companies and Cuba itself for profiting on properties nationalized after Fidel Castro’s 1959 communist revolution.      US administrations have systematically used their authority to delay implementation of the measure every six months — but Pompeo said he was issuing a suspension for only 45 days.  Pompeo said in a statement that US President Donald Trump’s administration would conduct a “careful review” over the period, which will begin on February 1.  The administration will look at “efforts to expedite a transition to democracy in Cuba and include factors such as the Cuban regime’s brutal oppression of human rights and fundamental freedoms and its indefensible support for increasingly authoritarian and corrupt regimes in Venezuela and Nicaragua,” he said.    “We call upon the international community to strengthen efforts to hold the Cuban government accountable for 60 years of repression of its people,” he added.  “We encourage any person doing business in Cuba to reconsider whether they are trafficking in confiscated property and abetting this dictatorship.”  – Sharp reversal from Obama era –  The warning was another sharp reversal from the policies of former president Barack Obama, who normalized relations with Cuba and said decades of US policy to overthrow the communist leadership had failed.  Even before Obama’s reconciliation drive, successive US administrations determined that allowing lawsuits over property would jeopardize key relationships as European allies and Canada have invested widely in Cuba.    The European Union lodged protests and complained to the World Trade Organization after the 1996 passage of the Helms-Burton law, also known as the Libertad Act, which authorized the property lawsuits in US courts as one part of an expansion of the existing US embargo on Cuba.  The law was spearheaded by far-right Republican senator Jesse Helms and congressman Dan Burton after Cuba in 1996 shot down two aircraft flown by exiled Cuban activists.  The US-Cuba Trade and Economic Council, which supports American business in the Caribbean island, said Pompeo’s move was calculated to “create uncertainty and, thus, anxiety.”  The 45-day suspension “presents a likelihood of an ominous commercial, economic and political landscape” for Cuba, the European Union and all WTO members, said the council’s president, John Kavulich.  In a speech to anti-Castro Cuban exiles in Miami after taking office in 2017, Trump called Obama’s policies “terrible and misguided” and declared: “We now hold the cards.”  While not reversing all of Obama’s sanctions relief, Trump kept in place previous restrictions on US citizens’ travel and business dealings in Cuba.  Pompeo earlier presented Cuba with an open letter to demand that it explain the detention of eight people considered by Washington to be political prisoners.  Trump has shown himself willing to move ahead with actions that cause controversy on the world stage. He earlier ended years of White House waivers on congressional action and moved the US embassy in Israel from Jerusalem.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Longtime sportscaster Bob Costas said he is parting ways with NBC after 40 years with the network.  Costas told the New York Post he took a buyout.      “It’s all settled quietly and happily for all concerned,” Costas told the Post.    Costas added he will continue to do work some for the MLB Network. He is also contemplating pursuing a sit-down sports interview show.  Costas has covered nearly every major sporting during his career with NBC — from the Super Bowl to World Series to NBA Finals and Olympics. He has served as both studio host and play-by-lay announcer for nearly each event.  Costas began as a play-by-play announcer as with the Spirits of St. Louis franchise in the old American Basketball Association in the 1970s.  
  ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — The oil and gas industry should not be spared the pain of the partial government shutdown, according to the chairman of the U.S. House Natural Resources Committee.  Rep. Raul Grijalvaon Tuesday sent a letter to Acting Interior Secretary David Bernhardt objecting to the department changing plans to allow employees to work on upcoming offshore lease sales, seismic permits and a five-year offshore oil and gas leasing plan in Alaska and elsewhere.      “One of the most striking features of the current government shutdown, brought about entirely by the President’s insistence on building an entirely unnecessary border wall, is the way the administration has bent over backwards to ensure that the pain of the shutdown falls only on ordinary Americans and the environment, and not on the oil and gas industry,” the Arizona Democrat wrote.  Rep. Betty McCollum, D-Minnesota, and Rep. Alan Lowenthal, D-California, also signed the letter. McCollum chairs the House Appropriations Subcommittee for the Interior Department.  Grijalva called on Bernhardt to reverse course, and if he refuses, to provide a briefing on the legal justification for what appeared to be a violation of the Antideficiency Act, which prohibits federal agencies from spending money in advance of an appropriation.    Interior spokeswoman Faith Vander Voort in an email response said department officials would be happy to meet with the Natural Resources Committee as appropriate.  “And we are confident that we are fully meeting our legal obligations,” she said.  Grijalva said President Donald Trump’s “temper tantrum” over a wall built on the border with Mexico has taken a toll, with 800,000 federal workers missing paychecks, Native Americans at risk of losing access to food and health care, travelers facing extended delays in airport and national parks piling up with trash.  He called it outrageous that the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management updated its contingency plan allowing employees to work to comply with the administration’s America First energy strategy.  The administration cares only about its favorite industry, he said.  “Your department has continued to hold public meetings on oil and gas development on the North Slope of Alaska, refused to extend the comment period for leasing the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, and opened up the Bureau of Land Management field offices to allow drilling permits to continue to be issued,” Grijalva said.  
  NEW YORK (AP) — Banks surged Wednesday following strong results from a slew of financial companies, and U.S. stock indexes finished broadly higher. Concerns about trade tensions between the U.S. and China derailed a bigger gain.  Financial and investment companies surged as fourth-quarter reports from Wall Street continued to roll in. Goldman Sachs’ stock had its best day in 10 years, and Bank of America its best in seven. Banks were some of the chief beneficiaries of the corporate tax cut that took effect at the end of 2017, which fattened their balance sheets, but their stocks endured a rough year in 2018.      Willie Delwiche, an investment strategist at Baird, said it will be a good sign for the stock market and the economy if banks continue to report strong results and their stocks keep rallying.  “That to me is a signal that the economy … is maybe on firmer footing,” he said. “The important takeaway from earnings season will not be what companies had to say about the fourth quarter as much as it will be the commentary, not just for the current quarter but for 2019 overall.”  U.S. indexes were on track for larger gains before the Wall Street Journal reported that federal prosecutors could bring criminal charges against Chinese tech company Huawei related to alleged theft of trade secrets from U.S. companies. Huawei has been at the center of the trade and technology policy dispute between the U.S. and China, and charges against the company could increase tensions between Washington and Beijing.    The S&P 500 index gained 5.80 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,616.10 after rising as much as 0.6 percent during the day. The S&P 500 is up 4.4 percent so far in January.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average added 141.57 points, or 0.6 percent, to 24,207.16. The Nasdaq composite rose 10.86 points, or 0.2 percent, to 7,034.69.  Smaller companies, especially small banks, did better than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index rose 9.48 points, or 0.7 percent, to 1,454.70.  Goldman Sachs posted strong results from its advisory business in the fourth quarter even though its trading business, like the rest of Wall Street, struggled as stock and bond markets went through huge swings. While some volatility gives traders an opportunity to make money, several financial firms have said last year’s swings were far too large for that. The S&P 500 fell 7 percent in October and then tumbled 9 percent in December, its worst month in nearly a decade.  Goldman’s stock jumped 9.5 percent to $197.08 after a steep slump over the past 10 months. Bank of America climbed 7.2 percent to $28.45 after its profit surged thanks to last year’s steady rise in interest rates, which has allowed it to charge customers more to use credit cards or take out a mortgage. Bank of America’s consumer banking business is by far its largest division by revenue and profits.    Investment firm BlackRock rose 3.1 percent to $413.04 and regional bank Comerica picked up 5.5 percent to $78.13 after they reported their quarterly results.  Britain’s FTSE 100 stock index slipped 0.5 percent after Parliament rejected the deal negotiated by Prime Minister Theresa May with European leaders over the country’s departure from the European Union. May’s government survived a vote of no confidence after the close of trading in the U.K.  Economists warn that an abrupt break with the EU on March 29 could batter the British economy, which would face new tariffs and other trade barriers. Chaotic scenes at borders, ports and airports could also follow. But since investors have expected that outcome for some time, British stocks didn’t make big moves as May’s deal foundered.  The pound rose to $1.2876 from $1.2834. It’s fallen 6.6 percent in the last 12 months.  Fiserv is buying First Data in a $22 billion all-stock deal, creating a giant player in the payments and financial technology sector. First Data surged 21.1 percent to $21.24 and Fiserv lost 3.3 percent to $72.57.    Snap slumped again after the social media company said its chief financial officer is leaving after just eight months on the job. Tim Stone is the second Snap CFO to leave in the past year and he’s part of a string of top executives who have left in recent months. A redesign of Snapchat’s service has also been heavily criticized by users.  Snap traded above $20 last February, but Wednesday’s loss of 13.8 percent brought it down to $5.64.  Benchmark U.S. crude added 0.4 percent to $52.31 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 0.1 percent to $61.37 a barrel in London.  Bond prices dipped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.72 percent from 2.70 percent.  Germany’s DAX rose 0.4 percent and France’s CAC 40 added 0.5 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 index, weighed down by weak machinery orders in November, slipped 0.6 percent. South Korea’s Kospi added 0.4 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.3 percent.  In other commodities trading, wholesale gasoline edged up 0.3 percent to $1.42 a gallon and heating oil rose 1.2 percent to $1.89 a gallon. Natural gas fell 3.3 percent to $3.38 per 1,000 cubic feet.  Gold rose 0.4 percent to $1,293.80 an ounce and silver inched up 0.1 percent to $15.64 an ounce. Copper rose 1.5 percent to $2.67 a pound.  The dollar rose to 108.92 yen from 108.57 yen. The euro slipped to $1.1398 from $1.1402.  ____  AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP  
  Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei spoke to foreign reporters this week for the first time since his company concluded a disastrous year of cyber-espionage suspicions, bans by the United States and other governments, and Canada’s arrest of Chief Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou, Ren’s daughter.   Ren did some damage control for Huawei in his press engagements, striving to project optimism and stressing his corporate independence from the Chinese Communist government.  The latter was perhaps Ren’s top order of business. The South China Morning Post on Wednesday quoted him explaining at length why he joined the Communist Party and the People’s Liberation Army, a tale that could be summarized as “because I had little choice if I wanted a job”:      “I joined the military during China’s Cultural Revolution. At that time, there was chaos almost everywhere, including in agriculture and the industry,” Ren, 74, told reporters at Huawei’s headquarters in Shenzhen this week. “The country was facing very difficult times. These difficulties were reflected in people’s diets and clothing.”  Back then, every Chinese person was allotted one-third of a meter of cloth, which was enough only to patch holes, he said, according to a transcript of his comments provided by Huawei. “So I never wore clothes without patches when I was young.”  […]   Ren, the son of schoolteachers and a survivor of China’s great famine between 1958 and 1961, said that while he supports the Communist Party, he will “never do anything to harm any other nation.”  He also said he does not see close connections between his personal political beliefs and Huawei’s actions as a business. Huawei will “certainly say no” to any request from China’s government to access data or create backdoors to the networks, he said, adding that “we would rather shut Huawei down than do anything that would damage the interests of our customers to seek our own gains.”  Ren was, in sum, asking foreign reporters to imagine the desperate poverty and backwardness of rural China in those days to understand why the Communist Party was both embraced and feared. He said he was locked out of most job opportunities because his father was classified as a “capitalist roader” during the Cultural Revolution, so he was not able to secure Party membership until 1978, after proving his worth with some key inventions at a time China had turned away from “anti-intellectualism.”  Ren’s presentation of his biography asks foreign audiences to accept that China has changed in profound ways, although comments like his stated refusal to cooperate with government demands for confidential data imply that he understands the sinister aspects of the regime in Beijing.  “When it comes to cybersecurity and privacy protection we are committed to side with our customers. We will never harm any nation or any individual,” Ren insisted, seeking to alleviate concerns about Huawei equipment exposing foreign computer networks to Chinese intelligence penetration.    “China’s ministry of foreign affairs has officially clarified that no law in China requires any company to install mandatory backdoors. Huawei and me personally have never received any request from any government to provide improper information,” he said, emphasizing that his membership in the Communist Party and history with the PLA would not prevent him from resisting inappropriate demands from his government.   Ren went as far as saying he would rather shut Huawei down entirely than “do anything that would damage the interests of our customers in order to seek our own gains.”  Although the Trump administration has been leading the charge against Chinese practices in general and Huawei in particular, Ren praised President Donald Trump and applauded his economic policies.  “For President Trump as a person, I still believe he is a great president, in the sense that he was bold to slash taxes. And I think that’s conducive for the development of industries in the United States,” Ren said.  Ren also spoke admiringly of several major American corporations, including Apple Computer and Google. He cited Apple as inspiration for resisting government demands to access confidential customer data since Apple refused FBI requests for access to a locked iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino jihadis.     He pointedly refused to discuss the arrest of his daughter Meng Wanzhou in Canada and the U.S. request to extradite her on charges of financial fraud and violating Iran sanctions, stating that he “trusts” the court systems of Canada and the United States and will await their decisions. At one point he implied his relationship with Meng was not as close as it could be since he spent so much of her youth serving in the Chinese military and then building up Huawei.  Ren did admit 2018 was rough for Huawei and 2019 might be worse, although he predicted the company would continue to grow and is far better positioned to survive potential American sanctions than its competitor ZTE, in part because Huawei has invested so heavily in research and development. He expressed confidence that Huawei’s 5G wireless networking technology is still the best and most affordable option and urged the U.S. to reconsider its ban.  The Huawei founder also proclaimed admiration for Google and much admiration for Silicon Valley’s investments in cutting-edge technology beyond the computer world.  “The timing of my retirement will depend on when Google can invent a new medicine that will allow people to live forever. I’m waiting for that medicine,” Ren quipped.  Although the Huawei founder’s approach was largely soothing and reassuring, he displayed a flash of annoyance when comparing paranoia about his company’s products to Luddite ignorance.  “Some people in the West believe that Huawei’s equipment is stamped with some sort of ideology. That’s as silly as people smashing textile machines back during the industrial revolution, as they thought advanced textile machines would disrupt the world,” he said.  “We only provide equipment to telecom operators, and that equipment doesn’t have an ideology. It is controlled by telecom operators, not by Huawei. So I definitely hope that people do not go back to the old days of the industrial revolution when textile machines were being smashed,” he said.  
  TEL AVIV – Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis on Tuesday ordered state officials to boycott Airbnb when conducting state business and said he would make the vacation rental giant “feel the heat” unless it walks back its decision banning rentals in Jewish settlements in the West Bank.  “We have a moral obligation to oppose the Airbnb policy; it does target Jews specifically,” said DeSantis, a pro-Israel Republican. “Airbnb claims it’s a company of inclusion and yet this policy only affects Jews who have homes on the West Bank. It doesn’t appear to apply to anyone else on the face of the earth.”  In November, Airbnb announced that it would remove 200 listings in Israeli settlements. The announcement came a day before a report by Human Rights Watch was due to be released slamming Airbnb for supporting settlements.      Minister of Strategic Affairs Gilad Erdan on Wednesday praised DeSantis’ call for state sanctions.  “This is an important decision that will embolden the fight against anti-Semitic boycott organizations,” he said. “We will continue to act in all possible ways to nullify the bigoted decision discriminating against citizens of the State of Israel and harming them financially because of where they live.”  Last Wednesday, Erdan warned that Israel may take legal action against Airbnb over its discriminatory policy.    DeSantis said his state would bar using Airbnb for state-paid travel as well as consider stopping the state’s pension fund from investing in the company were it to become publicly traded.  “If we can’t make them see the light, make them feel the heat,” he said.  DeSantis, who is making his first trip abroad to Israel in May, has pledged at least $2 million in state money to Jewish schools for security purposes.  Airbnb spokesman Ben Breit responded to DeSantis’ remarks by saying the company remains “deeply committed to our more than 20,000 hosts in Israel.” He added that Airbnb does not support the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement against Israel.  The Florida chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations expressed its support of Airbnb’s new policy and slammed DeSantis’ announcement.    “Governor DeSantis should abstain from pushing his free-speech crackdown and instead should focus on protecting all Americans and American corporations from being punished by state legislation seeking to implement unconstitutional state-sponsored boycotts,” said its spokesman, Wilfredo Ruiz.  Meanwhile, the Israeli-American Coalition for Action, a non-partisan advocacy group for Israeli-American relations, thanked DeSantis for his support.  “We thank Gov. DeSantis for his strong leadership in opposing the bigotry and antisemitism of the BDS Movement. He has positioned Florida as a leader, at a time when many states around the country have begun the process of evaluating Airbnb’s discriminatory new policy,” the group’s chairman, Shawn Evenhaim, said.  The CUFI Action Fund,  the public policy arm of the pro-Israel group, Christians United for Israel, also expressed support for DeSantis’ announcement.  “The CUFI Action Fund strongly supports the measures Governor DeSantis’s administration is taking to sanction Airbnb for its anti-Semitic policy of de-listing Jewish owned properties in the West Bank,” its chairwoman Sandra Parker said in a statement. “State and local governments should continue to take decisive measures to limit Airbnb’s ability to operate unless and until this bigoted policy is reversed.”     
  TEL AVIV – Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu received approval from President Donald Trump before a massive intelligence mission last year in which some 100,000 documents on Iran’s nuclear program were smuggled out of a warehouse near Tehran by Mossad agents, Israeli television reported Tuesday.  In April, the Israeli premier gave a dramatic presentation of the stolen trove which he said proved that Iran had lied about its nuclear program. The operation, which took place over a single night in January, was one of the Israeli intelligence community’s “greatest achievements,” stated Netanyahu.  According to Hadashot news, Netanyahu had revealed his intentions to infiltrate Iran to Trump when the two met on the sidelines of the Davos World Economic Forum last January. The Israeli leader was said to have sought support from his American counterpart in case the operation went wrong and would need a rescue team to extract the agents, the report said.      The TV report also stated that the return of the agents that night was far more complex than originally reported, but it did not go into any details.  In April, the New York Times reported that the Mossad had been monitoring the warehouse since February 2016.  Iran “was on the cusp of mastering key bombmaking technologies when the research was ordered halted” in 2003, the Times said.    Other reports at the time released details on the Mossad‘s effort to seize the archive within six and a half hours, with one official comparing it to the heist from Ocean’s 11.  Netanyahu said the trove was discovered in what looked like a “dilapidated warehouse” in the Shorabad District in southern Tehran.  “This is where they kept the atomic archives. Right here. Few Iranians knew where it was, very few, and also a few Israelis,” Netanyahu stated.  “Now, from the outside, this was an innocent looking compound. It looks like a dilapidated warehouse. But from the inside, it contained Iran’s secret atomic archives locked in massive files,” he said.  Netanyahu stated that “half a ton of the material” on papers and CDs comprising “incriminating documents, incriminating charts, incriminating presentations, incriminating blueprints, incriminating photos, incriminating videos and more” had been brought back to Israel.  “We’ve shared this material with the United States, and the United States can vouch for its authenticity,” he said.  
  Rio de Janeiro (AFP) – Brazil’s historic National Museum on Wednesday displayed fossils discovered in the Antarctic at an off-site venue in its first exhibition since the Rio-based institution was gutted by fire last year.  Among the fossils on display at a sister museum — the Palace of the House of Money — was a bone from a pterodactyl, which the National says is the first evidence of a big reptile species from the Jurassic era being found in the continent at the southern pole.      The bone, and a few other items being shown off at the money museum, had been undergoing scientific studies at the time of the September 2, 2018 blaze that wiped out most of the National Museum’s collection. Eight pieces were recovered from the ashes.    All the rest of the 160-piece exhibition had to be reconstituted using fossils collected from other areas.  The director of the National Museum, Alexander Kellner, told reporters that the exhibition was “major proof that the museum is alive and operating with available tools.”  The 200-year-old institution was considered the main natural history museum in Latin America, and was known for its paleontology department and its 26,000 fossils.   
  Madrid (AFP) – Antoine Griezmann scored one and set up another but could not prevent Atletico Madrid tumbling out of the Copa del Rey on Wednesday as Girona progressed on away goals after a thrilling 3-3 draw.   Real Madrid and Sevilla each avoided upsets, their first-leg victories proving enough despite losses to Leganes and Athletic Bilbao respectively.       Defeat for Real, however, means they have now won only two of their five matches this year while Santiago Solari’s frosty relationship with Isco shows no signs of improvement. Isco started, but struggled, and was replaced in the 68th minute.   For Atletico, Griezmann came off the bench in the second half and turned the tie in their favour, teeing up Angel Correa and then scoring himself to give his team a 3-2 lead at a rocking Wanda Metropolitano.   But Girona pulled out one more surprise to go through to the quarter-finals as Seydou Doumbia’s shot found the corner in the 88th minute, snatching a 4-4 draw on aggregate after last week’s first leg finished 1-1.     Griezmann had scored then too, and in between against Levante on Saturday. This was his eighth goal in as many matches.   “We thought we could leave Griezmann on the bench and only throw him on in the second half to do what he did, score the goal for 3-2,” Atletico coach Diego Simeone said. “I didn’t take into account Girona scoring again.”  A sumptuous volley from Valery Fernandez and Cristhian Stuani’s header had put Girona in charge after Nikola Kalinic had given Atletico an early lead.  Perhaps Simeone had one eye on the Champions League tie against Juventus next month, not to mention his side’s title challenge, which sees them five points behind Barcelona and the Catalans’ closest challengers in La Liga.   But it is now six seasons since Atletico last reached the final of Spain’s most prestigious cup competition, which still represented their most likely source of a trophy this term.     They had looked set for a comfortable night when Kalinic was allowed to drift in behind Girona’s dozing defence in the 12th minute, let the ball bounce and drive in on the half-volley.   Instead, Girona levelled thanks to a superb volley from Valery. The cross was flicked to the back post, where Valery cushioned the ball with his chest, before hammering it into the far corner.   Saul Niguez hobbled off, replaced by Rodrigo, and Girona pulled ahead. Atletico were too generous in giving Stuani space at a free-kick and he nodded in Aleix Garcia’s cross with ease.   The ball had hit the net in the 59th minute and in the 61st, Griezmann entered the field. In the 65th, he set up a goal, Kalinic letting his team-mate’s pass run but doing enough to distract Girona’s defence. Correa nipped in and finished.   With Girona still progressing on away goals, Atletico had just over 20 minutes to find a winner. Santiago Arias thought he had it but VAR showed him just offside. So did Griezmann, as he latched onto Thomas Lemar’s scoped ball through and smashed it into the roof of the net.   He celebrated like he had won the tie but there was one more sting in the tail. Borja Garcia raced clear down the right and his cutback landed at the feet of Doumbia. His shot flew through the legs of Arias and snuck into the corner.  Madrid were beaten 1-0 by Leganes, Martin Braithwaite giving hope to the hosts, who failed to take a number of chances to launch an unlikely comeback. Real had won the first leg 3-0.  “We got through but the performance was weak,” Solari said.  His team now turn their attention to Saturday’s crunch La Liga game against Sevilla, who slipped to a 1-0 defeat at home to Bilbao. Gorka Guruzeta scored the winner for a rejuvenated Bilbao side but Sevilla still progress 3-2 on aggregate.  
  Jeddah (Saudi Arabia) (AFP) – Chaperoned by men, thousands of women thronged a Saudi stadium Wednesday for the Italian Supercup final between Juventus and AC Milan, brushing off a controversy over entry restrictions.  With painted faces and banners, female football fans entered the King Abdullah Sports City stadium in western Jeddah city through designated turnstiles for “families”, with solo women barred from purchasing tickets.      The restriction had sparked a furious reaction in Italy, with deputy prime minister Matteo Salvini calling it “disgusting”.    But with reports there were up to 15,000 women among the 62,000 crowd, accompanied by men or male children, Italian football league president Gaetano Micciche hailed the turnout a success.   Serie A president Gaetano Micciche said the presence of women in the stadium would go down in history as the first international competition that Saudi women were allowed to watch in a stadium.  Long condemned for harsh restrictions on women, Saudi Arabia last year eased decades-old rules separating the sexes to allow women to enter sports stadiums for the first time with their families.  The decision was part of a wide-ranging reforms spearheaded by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman that is aimed at modernising the conservative petro-state.  The reforms include overturning the world’s only ban on women drivers last June.  
  Washington (AFP) – Four Americans, including two troops, were among those killed in a suicide attack in the northern Syrian city of Manbij on Wednesday, the Pentagon said.  “Two US servicemembers, one Department of Defense civilian and one contractor supporting DoD were killed and three servicemembers were injured while conducting a local engagement in Manbij,” the US military’s Central Command said in a statement.    The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said several other people, including local civilians, were killed in the blast.   
  Athens (AFP) – Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras on Wednesday survived a confidence vote sparked by the collapse of his coalition over a planned name deal with Macedonia.  A total of 151 lawmakers supported Tsipras’ government, including several independent MPs, the official count showed.     
  The Hague (AFP) – The International Criminal Court on Wednesday halted the release of former Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo following a fresh appeal by prosecutors, a statement said.  Judges had earlier ordered Gbagbo to be freed following his shock acquittal on charges of crimes against humanity, but the court said it had now ordered him to “remain in ICC custody” until the prosecution appeal against his release had been heard.     
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — A Pew Research Center survey released Wednesday found that a majority of people both in favor of and opposed to an expanded physical barrier along the U.S.-Mexico border are not willing to concede their stance to end the 26-day government shutdown.  According to the poll, 88 percent of people opposed to President Donald Trump’s call for a border wall would find it unacceptable to pass a bill that includes $5.7 billion worth of funding for the project to end the shutdown, while 72 percent of people who support the barrier said it would be unacceptable to pass a bill to reopen government that doesn’t include the funding.      Overall, 58 percent of Americans oppose providing funding for an expanded border barrier while 40 percent support the proposal.    The numbers are consistent with previous Pew Research data over the past three years, but the most recent survey of 1,505 adults conducted Jan. 9-14, found that people have become more divided over the issue along partisan lines.  As of Pew’s most recent survey, 82 percent of Republicans and Republican-leaning respondents supported Trump’s barrier proposal, up 10 percent over the past year, while the number of Democrats and Democratic leaners who support funding a new physical barrier has decreased from 13 percent to 6 percent.  Views on how serious of an issue the shutdown, now the longest in U.S. history, is were also split along partisan lines, with 79 percent of Democrats considering it a “very serious” issue, compared to 35 percent of Republicans.  On the contrary, Pew’s study found that the nation was unified in its displeasure with how the shutdown has been handled by all parties. Trump and Republicans in Congress received most of the blame with at least 60 percent of people disapproving of how they’ve handled the situation, while 53 percent of respondents expressed disapproval for Democrats.  
  NEW YORK (AP) — Sears will live on — at least for now.  Its chairman and biggest shareholder, Eddie Lampert, won tentative approval for a $5 billion plan to keep the ailing, 132-year-old department-store chain in business, fending off demands from creditors that it throw in the towel, according to a person familiar with the negotiations. The person was not authorized to discuss the matter and spoke on condition of anonymity Wednesday.      Lampert, the hedge fund owner who steered Sears into Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in October, is aiming to keep open roughly 400 stores and preserve tens of thousands of jobs.  But how long Sears can survive under the 56-year-old billionaire, who has tried and failed to turn it around many times before, remains an open question.  The company that was once the Amazon of its day, selling everything from girdles to snow tires, still faces cutthroat competition from the likes of Amazon, Target and Walmart. Its stores are looking drab and old. And Lampert has yet to spell out how he plans to change the company’s fortunes.    “While there’s no doubt that a shrunken Sears will be more viable than the larger entity, which struggled to turn a profit, we remain extremely pessimistic about the chain’s future,” said Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail.  “In our view, Sears exits this process with almost as many problems as it had when it entered bankruptcy protection. In essence, its hand has not changed, and the cards it holds are not winning ones.”  Sears’ corporate parent, which also owns Kmart, had 687 stores and 68,000 employees at the time of its bankruptcy filing. At its peak in 2012, its stores numbered 4,000.  The company was hammered during the recession and outmatched in its aftermath by shifting consumer trends and strong rivals. It hasn’t had a profitable year since 2010 and has suffered 11 straight years of declining sales.  At a bankruptcy auction held this week in New York, Lampert won the OK from a subcommittee of the Sears board for a rescue plan financed through an affiliate of his hedge fund ESL.    Many of Sears’ unsecured creditors, who rank at the bottom of the list to be paid and include merchandise suppliers and landlords, had pressed for liquidation, contending the business was worth more dead than alive. They also questioned the propriety of certain deals Lampert has done while at Sears.  Lampert’s rescue plan still needs approval from a bankruptcy judge in White Plains, New York. A hearing is set for Feb. 1. Creditors will have the opportunity to object before then. The specific terms of the bid haven’t been made public.  Lampert personally owns 31 percent of the Sears’ outstanding stock, and his hedge fund has an 18.5 percent stake, according to FactSet.  Lampert, who stepped down as CEO in October after being in that role since 2013, pledged years ago to return Sears to greatness, but that never happened. He has been criticized for not investing in the stores.  Under Lampert, Sears has survived in part by spinning off stores and selling well-known brands like Craftsman tools, and he has also lent some of his own money, though critics say his real aim was benefiting his hedge fund.    If his bid to save Sears gets final approval, he will need to reinvent the business. That means revitalizing the stores and focusing on the major appliances and tools that were once Sears’ proudest products, industry analysts say.  Sears will also need to convince shoppers like Sanjay Singh they should come back.  Singh was recently shopping with his wife at the Newport Centre Mall in Jersey City, New Jersey, and stopped by a Sears to look for a swimsuit for his 11-year-old daughter. He said he usually shops at places like Macy’s and J.C. Penney because they have a better assortment of merchandise and the quality is also better.  “Sears is usually my last option,” he said.  ____  Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio  
  Chris Hansen, the host of the show To Catch a Predator, is facing criminal charges for allegedly issuing several bad checks after making a $13,000 purchase from a Connecticut vendor, police announced Wednesday.  Authorities charged Hansen, 59, of Shippan, Connecticut, on Monday with “issuing a bad check” after he surrendered himself to the police.  Police say he was released and signed a statement promising to appear in court.      Hansen reportedly ordered $12,998.05 worth of 650 vinyl decals, 355 ceramic mugs, and 288 T-shirts in 2017 from the marketing materials vendor Promotional Sales Limited, owned by Peter Psichopaidas.  The 59-year-old agreed to pay for the order ahead of time before the goods were shipped. An employee for Hansen sent to a check to cover the items three months after the business owner sent invoices for the marketing materials.  The check bounced, and Hansen allegedly apologized to Psichopaidas while promising to pay for part of what he owed.    Psichopaidas filed a police complaint with authorities in 2017 after not receiving payment for the items.  Investigators reached out to Hansen, who told authorities he would make a statement at the Stamford, Connecticut, police station. Hansen never showed up to the station.  The journalist and television show host then claimed his wife would send the check, but she never delivered it, the Stamford Advocate reported.  When Psichopaidas finally received the $13,200 check to cover the items in 2018, the check bounced, according to an arrest affidavit. Hansen then allegedly claimed in an email to Psichopaidas that he “sold a boat” to cover the costs of the materials.  “Peter … I truly thought I had this covered,” the television host wrote in the email, according to the arrest affidavit. “I am scrambling to get it done. Please give me till the end of the day. I sold a boat to cover the rest of this and need to pick up the payment this afternoon.”  Hansen made his claim to fame by hosting the MSNBC show To Catch a Predator between 2004 and 2007, and was also known for hosting the syndicated show Crime Watch Daily and Investigation Discovery’s Killer Instinct.  
  Brigham Young University apologized this week after it faced criticism for an Instagram post featuring two white students dressed as tacos.  According to a report from Campus Reform, Brigham Young University was forced to apologize this week after an Instagram post featuring two students dressed in sombreros and taco costumes upset some students. The post was made by the Melvin J. Ballard Center for Economic Self-Reliance to promote a “Taco Tuesday” event.    Students immediately complained about the post and its alleged insensitivity. “I hope Ballard Center and BYU will examine their actions and issue an apology for being culturally insensitive”, one student said.        You don’t owe an apology at all. You shouldn’t have apologized. This wasn’t offensive. The people that claimed to have been offended need to grow up. If you apologize for something as silly and inoffensive as this, you’re going to let the world control you.  — robert bishop (@robertgrimace) January 14, 2019
  By finally returning to the issue that won him the election, President Trump once again has a winning hand. That’s why we’re hearing so much about “white supremacy” this week.  Liberals lie all the time, but when they know they’re vulnerable they lie even more than all the time. They’re vulnerable on immigration. Even heroic, nonstop lying doesn’t help — as CNN has discovered.  So, naturally, the media have turned to their larger project of relentlessly trying to discredit conservatives as “white supremacists.”      Unfortunately for them, apart from a few crackpots — whom I assume exist in a country of 320 million people — there are no “white supremacists.” There were white supremacists 50 years ago, and they were all Democrats. (See my book Mugged: Racial Demagoguery from the Seventies to Obama.)  Today, “white supremacy” is nothing but a comfortable fantasy the left developed to explain its sick preoccupation with white people.  Talk about a manufactured crisis! The same people who love to snicker about Fox News viewers worrying about Sharia law sweeping the country are convinced that mythical “white supremacists” are hiding under every bed.    The whole concept is bogus. In my life, I’ve encountered a number of white people — some of them are my best friends. I’ve never heard any of them suggest that whites should rule over other races. None of them has argued that a substandard white person should get a job over a more competent person just because he’s white — you know, what every other group openly advocates for itself.  There is a whole swath of journalists who have decided that instead of investigating relevant news, they will spend their time doing oppo-research on prominent conservatives, hoping against hope to call them “racists.”  If the facts don’t fit, they’ll make them up. The New York Times’ Maureen Dowd once famously imagined a Republican congressman calling Obama “boy.”  This week, Newsweek‘s Nina Burleigh (“I’d be happy to give (Bill Clinton) a b—job just to thank him for keeping abortion legal”) casually asked to interview me about “white identity politics.”  I have nothing to do with “white identity politics.” I don’t know anyone who knows anyone who even knows what that means. (Nor do I know anyone who’s seen a copy of Newsweek in at least a decade.)    When will we get around to talking about the media’s actual hatred of whites?  Last year, The New York Times hired Sarah Jeong, a Korean journalist who has posted such venomous anti-white tweets as:    “White men are bullshit.”  “(F)uck white women lol.”  “White people have stopped breeding. (Y)ou’ll all go extinct soon. (T)hat was my plan all along.”    “Dumbass fucking white people marking up the internet with their opinions like dogs pissing on fire hydrants.”  “#CancelWhitePeople.”  “Are white people genetically predisposed to burn faster in the sun, thus logically being only fit to live underground like groveling goblins?”  “(O)h man it’s kind of sick how much joy I get out of being cruel to old white men.”  There’s no question but that such racist attacks would never be tolerated toward any other group. Jeong never apologized and happily took her seat on the Times’ editorial board.  Our cultural institutions regard the statement “It’s okay to be white” as hate speech. Colleges instigate investigations whenever signs with that phrase appear on campus. Second-graders in this country are being indoctrinated into “white privilege” ideology.  Eventually people get tired of the left’s fixation on “white people” -– the gratuitous dumping on Western civilization, the incessant sneering about “old white men,” and the nonsense about “white privilege,” as if every white person knows every other white person and is greased into jobs and promotions.  But if you ever respond to the hate by noting that the contributions from the parts of the world loathed by The New York Times dwarf the contributions of other cultures, they threaten you.  Any references to white male accomplishments are merely defensive.  Consider the current Gillette ad, “We Believe: The Best Men Can Be” (after the board of directors rejected the more accurate title, “ANNOUNCEMENT TO SHAREHOLDERS: WE’RE FOLDING THE COMPANY”). The ad shows only white men harassing women — and being corrected by minority men.  As long as they brought it up, every culture in the universe is galaxies more misogynistic than Western European culture. The ad should have been titled, Hey, white America, you’ve got to stop doing the things that everyone BUT you does.  When other groups talk about themselves, they instantly go to: We rock, we’re awesome! Only the descendants of white Western Europeans are not allowed to be proud of their culture.  There is still casual racism, and that should be quickly and severely condemned. Iowa Rep. Steve King, for example, was fanatically obsessed with vindicating a white defendant accused of, first, murdering a half-Pakistani woman, and, second, falsely accusing a Congolese man of the murder.  Except King never did that. Newsweek‘s Burleigh did, writing an entire book in defense of alabaster-white Amanda Knox, after she was convicted of the brutal murder of her half-Pakistani roommate — later overturned — and also convicted of falsely accusing an innocent Congolese man of the crime, for which she served four years.  Liberals could never, in a million years, survive the standards of “racism” applied to conservatives.  Even famed defense attorney Alan Dershowitz said that the only reason journalists defended “Foxy Knoxy” was that “she’s pretty and she doesn’t look like she did it and Americans care about what people look like. She’s the all-American young woman and we don’t care about the evidence.”  If you want to know about white supremacy, Nina, interview yourself. After that, maybe you can learn your maid’s name.  I’m getting back to the subject you desperately don’t want to discuss: How uncontrolled low-skilled immigration is slaughtering our working class — white, black and brown.  
  Los Angeles (AFP) – Justin Rose says he won’t be weighed down by his world number one ranking when he makes his 2019 debut at the PGA Tour’s Desert Classic in La Quinta, California on Thursday.  The English ace makes his first appearance of the year when he tees it up in the 60th edition of the tournament staged at the Jack Nicklaus Tournament Course at PGA West, southeast of Los Angeles.      The 2016 Olympic champion enjoyed a stellar season last year, posting just one finish outside the top 25 and clinching victory in the lucrative FedEx Cup postseason.   He narrowly missed out on finishing 2018 as world number one but reclaimed the ranking from Brooks Koepka last week after the American could only finish 24th at the Tournament of Champions in Hawaii.  The 38-year-old Englishman told reporters on Wednesday however he will not be preoccupied by trying to retain his place at the summit of the world rankings this year.    “You only get to number one in the world by playing consistently good golf and that’s always been my goal, to try and get the best out of my game week-in, week-out,” Rose said.  “Once (No.1) presented itself it became a big goal and it’s been a fantastic milestone in my career to have got there.   “But I feel like having got there now it’s about letting it go a little bit, in the sense of, I need to focus on other goals now. If I achieve those other goals I’ll remain at the top.”  Rose, whose last outing came at the Indonesian Masters in Jakarta last month, will be playing his first tournament since switching to Homna golf clubs.  “Of course there’s a few unknowns; there’s always a settling-in period with change generally,” Rose said.   “Obviously I believe that I’ve made some good decisions and some good changes, and I feel confident about things. But you never quite know until the scorecard is in your hand.  “There will be some learning this week, and potentially tweaking next week. It’s just about going out and playing and getting comfortable with it.”  Rose will move from La Quinta to the Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines outside San Diego next week.  Rose can expect stiff competition from Spain’s defending champion Jon Rahm while two-time former winner Phil Mickelson is also in the field.  
  London (AFP) – Southampton’s dismal season hit a new low as the Premier League strugglers were dumped out of the FA Cup by second tier Derby after a penalty shoot-out on Wednesday.  In a third round replay heavily influenced by the latest controversy over the use of VAR, Ralph Hasenhuttl’s side blew a two-goal lead in the closing stages at St Mary’s.      The tie finished 2-2 after extra-time, with Derby winning 5-3 on penalties.  “There were great penalties in the end and great courage. I’m really proud of them,” Derby manager Frank Lampard said.  “That takes a lot to come back against Premier League opposition and show the fight and bravery on the ball. I thought we were outstanding in the game.”    Having avoided falling behind when VAR dubiously ruled out a goal from Derby’s Craig Bryson in the first half, Saints went ahead through Stuart Armstrong’s 68th minute header.  Nathan Redmond doubled their lead with a cool finish two minutes later.  Both Southampton goals were also referred to VAR, but the drama with the video assistant wasn’t over.  Derby got one back with 14 minutes left when Harry Wilson’s free-kick went straight in and was allowed to stand by VAR despite Southampton’s claims that several Rams players were offside.  Just six minutes later, Martyn Waghorn headed Derby’s equaliser from Wilson’s superb cross to force extra-time.    Just as they had in the original match at Pride Park, Derby had battled back from 2-0 down.  And Lampard’s Championship promotion chasers, who knocked Manchester United out of the League Cup earlier this season, claimed another top-flight scalp in the shoot-out.  Redmond was the only player to miss on either team, firing wide before Derby captain Richard Keogh netted the winning kick.  “I’m delighted for the team and the squad. The work rate they put in and coming through VAR going against us, it is small margins but it doesn’t matter now,” said Lampard, whose team won for the first time since being the victims of the Leeds spying scandal last week.  The VAR decisions will stoke fresh debate about whether VAR is being used correctly after Chelsea manager Maurizio Sarri said officials don’t know how to work the system.  Sarri criticised VAR following the controversial decision to award a penalty to Tottenham’s Harry Kane in Chelsea’s 1-0 League Cup semi-final first leg defeat last week.  The Italian claiming he had seen a different camera angle that showed Kane was offside in the build-up to the penalty.  Derby will face third tier minnows Accrington in the fourth round, while Southampton, one point above the bottom three, will have to face their tense battle to avoid relegation with no FA Cup incentives.  
  Mexico City (AFP) – Did the world’s most famous drug lord really pay Mexico’s ex-president a $100-million bribe not to arrest him?  The claim, made by a witness Tuesday at the trial of Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman, stretches credibility, experts say — starting with the fact that it would take a truck to transport that much cash.      Colombian drug trafficker-turned-state witness Alex Cifuentes surprised the courtroom in New York — and caused a firestorm of controversy in Mexico — when he alleged that “El Chapo” had paid the bribe to then-president-elect Enrique Pena Nieto in 2012.  But while there is no doubt that Mexico is awash in all the ingredients of the story — drug money, corrupt officials, powerful kingpins — there are many reasons to doubt it, according to people who know the murky nexus of politics and narcotics.  “It would have been the biggest bribe in all of history. I’ve been with DEA (the US Drug Enforcement Administration) for 31 years, I’ve seen bribes of millions of dollars, hundreds of thousands of dollars, but certainly not a bribe like that,” said Mike Vigil, former head of international operations for the DEA.    “Once when I was working undercover in Panama, I borrowed $1 million from the CIA to flash to these drug traffickers from Bolivia and Colombia. They were all in $100 bills, and I needed a huge suitcase to put that stuff in. So you would have needed a truck for $100 million. What did they do, drive up… and give it to the president?”  After Cifuentes made the accusation, Pena Nieto’s supporters rushed to argue that the former president (2012-2018) was the one who made sure “El Chapo” was re-arrested after his brazen prison escape in 2015, then extradited to the United States.  Partisan politics aside, there is something to that argument, Vigil said.  “If I had taken a bribe from Chapo Guzman, the last thing I would have done is extradite him to the United States,” he told AFP.  “Would you have extradited Chapo Guzman if you had taken money from him? He would come here (to the US) and start immediately making allegations against you.”    – Red flags –  There are several reasons to question Cifuentes’s story.  For one thing, he is testifying as part of a plea deal, in exchange for a softer sentence.  He also provided no proof, and admitted he was unsure about key details, including the amount and the date.  Then there is the fact that the information comes second-hand: Cifuentes said “El Chapo” is the one who told him the story, in which he purportedly gave the money to a woman named “Comadre Maria” to give to the president-elect shortly before he took office.    But “El Chapo” would hardly be the first drug trafficker to brag about huge bribes supposedly paid to high-ranking officials, said Vigil.  Both Guzman’s stories and Cifuentes’s have shown a certain flare for drama as they have emerged in court. On Wednesday, Cifuentes testified that “El Chapo” was once tortured by army soldiers who dangled him upside-down from a helicopter to find out where his drugs were.  The source of the story? Guzman’s own version, as told to a film producer whom he wanted to make a movie about his life.  Finally, there is the fact that the bribe story emerged during questioning by Guzman’s own lawyers — who have sought to portray their client as a scapegoat for corrupt officials and the man they say wields the real power in the Sinaloa cartel, Ismael “El Mayo” Zambada.  If there is any truth to the story, there should be evidence somewhere, said Raul Benitez, a professor at Mexico’s largest university, UNAM.  “Normally, when drug traffickers give money to politicians or businessmen, they record the handover, because that’s how they blackmail the person if they need to,” he said.  “You can’t hide $100 million. There would have to be a bank transfer or real-estate or jewels, and the drug traffickers would need proof for it to work.”  – ‘Everything is possible’ –  Then again, anything is possible when it comes to corruption in Mexico, said journalist Jose Reveles, who has written books on the country’s multi-billion-dollar drug-trafficking business.  “No drug cartel operates without official protection,” he said.  “It’s possible some government officials could have lied and said they were representing the president, or that the kingpins really do have access to the president. Everything is possible. We know this country is rife with corruption from top to bottom.”  He urged Mexico’s new government, led by anti-establishment leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, to investigate the bribe accusation. But he is not optimistic the truth will come out, he said.  “This idea of things being revealed as true, false or half-true exists in other countries. Not in Mexico,” he said.  “Here, total concealment is the rule.”  
  LONDON (AP) — British Prime Minister Theresa May survived a no-confidence vote in Parliament on Wednesday to remain in office — but saw more of her power ebb away as she battled to keep Brexit on track after lawmakers demolished her European Union divorce deal.  May won a narrow victory, 325 votes to 306 votes, on an opposition motion seeking to topple her government and trigger a general election.      Now it’s back to Brexit, where May is caught between the rock of her own negotiating red lines and the hard place of a Parliament that wants to force a radical change of course.  After defeating the no-confidence motion, May said she would hold talks “in a constructive spirit” with leaders of opposition parties and other lawmakers in a bid to find a way forward for Britain’s EU exit.  She appeared outside her 10 Downing St. residence after meeting the leaders of several smaller parties. The prime minister named the parties in a statement in which she called on opposition politicians in Parliament to “put self-interest aside” and find a consensus on Britain’s path out of the EU.    Legislators ripped up May’s Brexit blueprint Tuesday by rejecting the divorce agreement she has negotiated with the EU over the last two years. That it would lose was widely expected, but the scale of the rout — 432 votes to 202, the biggest defeat government defeat in British parliamentary history — was devastating for May’s leadership and her Brexit deal.  Opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn responded with the no-confidence motion, and urged the government to “do the right thing and resign.”  May, who leads a fractious government, a divided Parliament and a gridlocked Brexit process, said she was staying put. May said an election “would deepen division when we need unity, it would bring chaos when we need certainty, and it would bring delay when we need to move forward.”  The government survived Wednesday’s vote with support from May’s Conservative Party and its Northern Irish ally, the Democratic Unionist Party. Many pro-Brexit Conservatives who voted against May’s deal, backed her in the no-confidence vote to avoid an election that could bring a left-wing Labour government to power.  Had the government lost, Britain would have faced a snap election within weeks, just before the country is due to leave the European Union on March 29.    Political analyst Anand Menon, from the research group U.K. in a Changing Europe, said May had a remarkable ability to soldier on.  “The thing about Theresa May is that nothing seems to faze her,” he said. “She just keeps on going.”    May’s determination — or, as her foes see it, her inflexibility — might not be an asset in a situation calling for a change of course. The prime minister has until Monday to come up with a new Brexit plan.  Despite May’s pledge to seek a broad consensus, there was no sign of an immediate breakthrough. Opposition leaders brought her a laundry list of sometimes conflicting demands.  Labour’s Corbyn said he would not meet with May until she ruled out a no-deal Brexit. Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon said she needed to keep the option of a second Brexit referendum on the table.    More meetings were planned for Thursday. May said she was disappointed Corbyn had not met her yet but added “our door remains open.”  May insisted that any new Brexit plan must “deliver on the referendum result,” which she has long interpreted to mean ending the free movement of workers to Britain from the EU and leaving the EU’s single market and customs union.  Many lawmakers think a softer departure that retained single market or customs union membership is the only plan capable of winning a majority in Parliament. They fear the alternative is an abrupt “no-deal” withdrawal from the bloc, which businesses and economists fear would cause turmoil.  Labour lawmaker Ben Bradshaw accused May of being “in a total state of denial” about how radically her Brexit plan needed to change.  Faced with the deadlock, lawmakers from all parties are trying to wrest control of the Brexit process so that Parliament can direct planning for Britain’s departure.  But with no clear majority in Parliament for any single alternative, there’s a growing chance that Britain may seek to postpone its departure date while politicians work on a new plan — or even hand the decision back to voters in a new referendum on Britain’s EU membership.  European leaders are now preparing for the worst, although German Chancellor Angela Merkel said there was still time for further talks. She told reporters in Berlin that “we are now waiting to see what the British prime minister proposes.”  But her measured remarks contrasted with the blunt message from French President Emmanuel Macron, who told Britons to “figure it out yourselves.” He said Britain needed to get realistic about what was possible.  “Good luck to the representatives of the nation who have to implement something that doesn’t exist,” Macron said.  EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said the bloc was stepping up preparations for a disorderly “no-deal” Brexit after Parliament’s actions left Europe “fearing more than ever that there is a risk” of a cliff-edge departure.  Economists warn that an abrupt break with the EU could batter the British economy and bring chaos at borders, ports and airports. Business groups have expressed alarm at the prospect of a no-deal exit.  France’s parliament on Wednesday adopted a law allowing for emergency measures, including extra customs officers, to deal with a “no-deal” Brexit.  Investors appeared to shrug off both the rejection of May’s deal and welcomed the survival of her government. The pound was up against the dollar early Wednesday and rose further after the no-confidence vote to $1.2880.  May’s deal was doomed by deep opposition from both sides of the divide over the U.K.’s place in Europe. Pro-Brexit lawmakers say the deal will leave Britain bound indefinitely to EU rules, while pro-EU politicians favor an even closer economic relationship with the bloc.  The most contentious section was an insurance policy known as the “backstop” designed to prevent the reintroduction of border controls between the U.K.’s Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, an EU member state. Assurances from EU leaders that the backstop is intended as a temporary measure of last resort failed to win over many British lawmakers.  Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said it was now up to opponents of the backstop “to come up with an alternative solution to honor their commitment to avoiding a hard border.”  Varadkar said if May’s government was willing to shift some of its “red lines” in negotiations — such as leaving the customs union and EU single market — then the position of EU negotiators would also change.  “The onus is on Westminster” to come up with solutions, Varadkar said  ___  Raf Casert in Strasbourg, France, Frank Jordans in Berlin, Sylvie Corbet in Paris and Pan Pylas in London, contributed.  ___  Follow AP’s full coverage of Brexit at: https://www.apnews.com/Brexit  
  A Georgia man has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of planning an attack Thursday on the White House and federal buildings in Washington, D.C.  The suspect, 21-year-old Hasher Jallal Taheb, allegedly possessed a “hand-drawn diagram” of the West Wing’s ground floor and planned to equip a backpack with explosives and approach the White House “from the back road, causing a distraction for police, and then proceeding into [it]” to launch an attack. The suspect also allegedly planned attacks on the Washington Monument, Lincoln Memorial, and a “specific synagogue,” which was not named in the court filing.  NBC 11 reports:      The investigation, [U.S. Attorney B.J. Pak] said, began after a tip from someone in the community. It claims that Taheb planned to use explosive devices and an anti-tank rocket to carry out his attack. At this time, Pak said they believe Taheb was acting alone and “all potential threats have been neutralized.” Pak stressed there was never any threat against Georgia or the upcoming Super Bowl.  Taheb has been charged with violating Title 18USC 844(f)(1), an “attempt to damage by means of an explosive any building owned, possessed, or leased by the United States or any department or agency thereof, or any institution or organization receiving federal financial assistance.”  Federal prosecutors told reporters that the next step will be to present their case before a grand jury.    Appearing in a federal court in Atlanta Wednesday, Taheb is described to have a “thin build” and a long beard with “shaggy” black hair, according to CNN’s Nick Valencia.  In August, Taheb is said to have put his car up for sale and was soon contacted by an FBI informant. Days later, the pair met up, where the suspect allegedly told the informant that he wanted to visit “hijra”— a reference to territory controlled by ISIS — and was eager to offload the vehicle to pay for a passport. Taheb allegedly told the informant he planned on targeting the White and Statue of Liberty in “jihadist attacks.”  Local reports say federal authorities are executing a search warrant at the suspect’s home Wednesday evening.    Made it to Cumming -where federal authorities are executing a search warrant at the home of Forsyth man charged with plot to attack White House @wsbtv pic.twitter.com/Azw4b5fspE  — Alyssa Hyman (@AlyssaHymanWSB) January 16, 2019
  Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has pulled out of two upcoming speaking engagements as she recovers from cancer surgery in December, according to reports.  The 85-year-old Ginsburg was slated to appear January 29 at the Skirball Cultural Center in Los Angeles. A February 6 event featuring Ginsburg and private equity titan and philanthropist David Rubenstein in New York City was also canceled.  “Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg regrets that she is unable to attend the talk with David Rubenstein at 92Y on February 6,” 92nd Street Y told CNN. “She is curtailing travel and focusing on her work while recuperating from recent surgery.”      The Supreme Court says Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s recovery from cancer surgery is “on track” and no further treatment is required. The justice also missed court arguments this week.    Court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg said that doctors for Ginsburg confirmed an initial evaluation that found no evidence of remaining cancer following surgery.  The court’s oldest justice had surgery to remove cancerous growths on her left lung. She was released from the hospital in New York four days later and has been recuperating at home since then.  Last week, Ginsburg missed three days of arguments, the first time that’s happened since she joined the court in 1993. Still, she was allowed to participate using court briefs and transcripts.  Ginsburg has had two previous bouts with cancer, in 1999 and 10 years later.  The Associated Press contributed to this report.   
  WASHINGTON, DC — North Korea remains at the top of a list of 50 countries where at least 245 million Christians are facing “extreme persecution” this year, up 14 percent from 215 million at the beginning of 2018, the World Wide Watch List (WWL) released on Wednesday by Open Doors, a group that monitors the mistreatment of Christ followers, revealed.  At the Heritage Foundation, David Curry, the president and CEO of Open Doors, unveiled the 2019 WWL that ranks the top 50 “most dangerous” countries to follow Jesus, noting that women are especially targeted.               “The Open Doors World Watch List which you will see today is the most comprehensive grassroots study of what is happening around the world to restrict religious freedom, particularly for Christians,” he explained, adding “The data proves conclusively that Christian women are the most exploited group on the face of the earth.”  Curry highlighted several trends that are currently fueling the mistreatment of Christians, including the rise of authoritarianism and spread of radical Islam, particularly into sub-Saharan Africa.   “Radical Islam is the driver behind eight of the top 10 on the World Watch List this year, four of which are from Africa,” the Open Doors chief proclaimed.    “Africa is now a major epicenter of violence against Christians,” he observed.  Last year, worldwide persecution resulted in 4,136 deaths, 1,266 attacks on worshipping centers, and the detention 2,625 individuals, the report revealed. The number of deaths increased by about 35 percent from 3,066 at the beginning of 2018.  “Christians were killed for faith-related reasons. On average, that’s 11 Christians killed every day for their faith,” Open Doors noted.   Overall, one in 9 Christians across the world suffered from “high levels of persecution,” the organization added.  North Korea remained at the top of the list for the 18th year in a row.     Curry noted:   North Korea is number one on the World Watch List again and number one in the use of authoritarian tactics. It’s illegal to own a bible. The very suggestion that you’re a Christian can get you arrested with neighborhood watches again using old school communist tactics to control people. The use of authoritarian methods is a major trend on this year’s World Watch List and it’s a worrisome trend. We believe that churches must be sacred from authoritarian tactics.  This year, Open Doors listed 11 countries where Christians are experiencing “extreme persecution”: North Korea, Afghanistan, Somalia, Libya, Pakistan, Sudan, Eritrea, Yemen, Iran, India, and Syria.   “For the first time since the start of the World Watch List, India has entered the top 10,” Open Doors pointed out.   Open Doors’ report thus argues that India is a worse place to practice Christianity than China, where persecution against followers of Jesus has intensified under Communist Party leader Xi Jinping, who has vowed to “Sinicize” the country’s religions or make them more Chinese by instilling core communist values.   “China jumped 16 spots, from 43 to 27,” the monitor group reported.     Referring to both India and China, the Open Doors report said:  Each of these countries is home to more than a billion people, so these trends are distressing. Hindu nationalists in India continue to attack Christians with what seems like no consequences, and in China, the increased power of the government and the rule of Xi Jinping continue to make open worship difficult in some parts of the country.  Open Doors described the persecution of Christians in China as the worst it has been for more than a decade, with at least 50 million people facing some form of repression this year as the Xi administration tightens its grip over religious worship, the Guardian found.  The watchdog group, alluding to the estimated 65 million Christians in India, reported:    Christians have been targeted by Hindu nationalist extremists more each year. Since the current ruling party took power in 2014, attacks have increased, and Hindu radicals believe they can attack Christians with no consequences. The view of the nationalists is that to be Indian is to be Hindu, so any other faith— including Christianity—is viewed as non-Indian. Additionally, in some regions of the country, converts to Christianity from Hinduism experience extreme persecution, discrimination and violence.  Hindu nationalist groups in India are reportedly affiliated with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).  Curry pointed out:   The BJP party, which is the ruling party, Prime Minister Modi’s party has created a radical Hindu agenda within India that seeks to push out the Christian faith and anything other than the Hindu faith. They’re not hiding it. It’s not a secret. It’s their agenda and they have created an environment where people have impunity to attack churches — hundreds of churches have been attacked.   He went on to urge “influential business people in America of Indian descent…to speak out about the discrimination against Christians in India.”  “We believe the international community is beginning to wake up to this discrimination within India … because this is a massive human rights violation and Indian needs to be held to account if they want to be part of the international business community,” Curry added.   The Open Doors chief also urged the United States and other Western nations to defend and promote religious freedom.   Curry told reporters:  People around the world are losing their freedom to choose their faith and we have to pay attention. Religious freedom is the key to what it means to be free. It is the key to what it means to be human and we believe at Open Doors that everyone should have the right to choose their own faith or if they want to have no faith at all. The United States and the Western world can lead in defending and promoting religious freedom.  Open Doors released its WWL assessment one day after the United States government marked 2019’s Religious Freedom Day on Tuesday.  
  LONDON (AP) — British Prime Minister Theresa May survived a no-confidence vote in Parliament on Wednesday to remain in office — but saw more of her power ebb away as she battled to keep Brexit on track after lawmakers demolished her European Union divorce deal.  May won a narrow victory, 325 votes to 306 votes, on an opposition motion seeking to topple her government and trigger a general election.      Now it’s back to Brexit, where May is caught between the rock of her own negotiating red lines and the hard place of a Parliament that wants to force a radical change of course.  After defeating the no-confidence motion, May said she would hold talks “in a constructive spirit” with leaders of opposition parties and other lawmakers in a bid to find a way forward for Britain’s EU exit.  She appeared outside her 10 Downing St. residence after meeting the leaders of several smaller parties. The prime minister named the parties in a statement in which she called on opposition politicians in Parliament to “put self-interest aside” and find a consensus on Britain’s path out of the EU.    Legislators ripped up May’s Brexit blueprint Tuesday by rejecting the divorce agreement she has negotiated with the EU over the last two years. That it would lose was widely expected, but the scale of the rout — 432 votes to 202, the biggest defeat government defeat in British parliamentary history — was devastating for May’s leadership and her Brexit deal.  Opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn responded with the no-confidence motion, and urged the government to “do the right thing and resign.”  May, who leads a fractious government, a divided Parliament and a gridlocked Brexit process, said she was staying put. May said an election “would deepen division when we need unity, it would bring chaos when we need certainty, and it would bring delay when we need to move forward.”  The government survived Wednesday’s vote with support from May’s Conservative Party and its Northern Irish ally, the Democratic Unionist Party. Many pro-Brexit Conservatives who voted against May’s deal, backed her in the no-confidence vote to avoid an election that could bring a left-wing Labour government to power.  Had the government lost, Britain would have faced a snap election within weeks, just before the country is due to leave the European Union on March 29.    Political analyst Anand Menon, from the research group U.K. in a Changing Europe, said May had a remarkable ability to soldier on.  “The thing about Theresa May is that nothing seems to faze her,” he said. “She just keeps on going.”    May’s determination — or, as her foes see it, her inflexibility — might not be an asset in a situation calling for a change of course. The prime minister has until Monday to come up with a new Brexit plan.  Despite May’s pledge to seek a broad consensus, there was no sign of an immediate breakthrough. Opposition leaders brought her a laundry list of sometimes conflicting demands.  Labour’s Corbyn said he would not meet with May until she ruled out a no-deal Brexit. Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon said she needed to keep the option of a second Brexit referendum on the table.    More meetings were planned for Thursday. May said she was disappointed Corbyn had not met her yet but added “our door remains open.”  May insisted that any new Brexit plan must “deliver on the referendum result,” which she has long interpreted to mean ending the free movement of workers to Britain from the EU and leaving the EU’s single market and customs union.  Many lawmakers think a softer departure that retained single market or customs union membership is the only plan capable of winning a majority in Parliament. They fear the alternative is an abrupt “no-deal” withdrawal from the bloc, which businesses and economists fear would cause turmoil.  Labour lawmaker Ben Bradshaw accused May of being “in a total state of denial” about how radically her Brexit plan needed to change.  Faced with the deadlock, lawmakers from all parties are trying to wrest control of the Brexit process so that Parliament can direct planning for Britain’s departure.  But with no clear majority in Parliament for any single alternative, there’s a growing chance that Britain may seek to postpone its departure date while politicians work on a new plan — or even hand the decision back to voters in a new referendum on Britain’s EU membership.  European leaders are now preparing for the worst, although German Chancellor Angela Merkel said there was still time for further talks. She told reporters in Berlin that “we are now waiting to see what the British prime minister proposes.”  But her measured remarks contrasted with the blunt message from French President Emmanuel Macron, who told Britons to “figure it out yourselves.” He said Britain needed to get realistic about what was possible.  “Good luck to the representatives of the nation who have to implement something that doesn’t exist,” Macron said.  EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said the bloc was stepping up preparations for a disorderly “no-deal” Brexit after Parliament’s actions left Europe “fearing more than ever that there is a risk” of a cliff-edge departure.  Economists warn that an abrupt break with the EU could batter the British economy and bring chaos at borders, ports and airports. Business groups have expressed alarm at the prospect of a no-deal exit.  France’s parliament on Wednesday adopted a law allowing for emergency measures, including extra customs officers, to deal with a “no-deal” Brexit.  Investors appeared to shrug off both the rejection of May’s deal and welcomed the survival of her government. The pound was up against the dollar early Wednesday and rose further after the no-confidence vote to $1.2880.  May’s deal was doomed by deep opposition from both sides of the divide over the U.K.’s place in Europe. Pro-Brexit lawmakers say the deal will leave Britain bound indefinitely to EU rules, while pro-EU politicians favor an even closer economic relationship with the bloc.  The most contentious section was an insurance policy known as the “backstop” designed to prevent the reintroduction of border controls between the U.K.’s Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, an EU member state. Assurances from EU leaders that the backstop is intended as a temporary measure of last resort failed to win over many British lawmakers.  Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said it was now up to opponents of the backstop “to come up with an alternative solution to honor their commitment to avoiding a hard border.”  Varadkar said if May’s government was willing to shift some of its “red lines” in negotiations — such as leaving the customs union and EU single market — then the position of EU negotiators would also change.  “The onus is on Westminster” to come up with solutions, Varadkar said  ___  Raf Casert in Strasbourg, France, Frank Jordans in Berlin, Sylvie Corbet in Paris and Pan Pylas in London, contributed.  ___  Follow AP’s full coverage of Brexit at: https://www.apnews.com/Brexit  
  A Georgia man has been arrested by the FBI on suspicion of planning an attack Thursday on the White House and federal buildings in Washington, D.C.  The suspect, 21-year-old Hasher Jallal Taheb, allegedly possessed a “hand-drawn diagram” of the West Wing’s ground floor and planned to equip a backpack with explosives and approach the White House “from the back road, causing a distraction for police, and then proceeding into [it]” to launch an attack. The suspect also allegedly planned attacks on the Washington Monument, Lincoln Memorial, and a “specific synagogue,” which was not named in the court filing.  NBC 11 reports:      The investigation, [U.S. Attorney B.J. Pak] said, began after a tip from someone in the community. It claims that Taheb planned to use explosive devices and an anti-tank rocket to carry out his attack. At this time, Pak said they believe Taheb was acting alone and “all potential threats have been neutralized.” Pak stressed there was never any threat against Georgia or the upcoming Super Bowl.  Taheb has been charged with violating Title 18USC 844(f)(1), an “attempt to damage by means of an explosive any building owned, possessed, or leased by the United States or any department or agency thereof, or any institution or organization receiving federal financial assistance.”  Federal prosecutors told reporters that the next step will be to present their case before a grand jury.    Appearing in a federal court in Atlanta Wednesday, Taheb is described to have a “thin build” and a long beard with “shaggy” black hair, according to CNN’s Nick Valencia.  In August, Taheb is said to have put his car up for sale and was soon contacted by an FBI informant. Days later, the pair met up, where the suspect allegedly told the informant that he wanted to visit “hijra”— a reference to territory controlled by ISIS — and was eager to offload the vehicle to pay for a passport. Taheb allegedly told the informant he planned on targeting the White and Statue of Liberty in “jihadist attacks.”  Local reports say federal authorities are executing a search warrant at the suspect’s home Wednesday evening.    Made it to Cumming -where federal authorities are executing a search warrant at the home of Forsyth man charged with plot to attack White House @wsbtv pic.twitter.com/Azw4b5fspE  — Alyssa Hyman (@AlyssaHymanWSB) January 16, 2019
  Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has pulled out of two upcoming speaking engagements as she recovers from cancer surgery in December, according to reports.  The 85-year-old Ginsburg was slated to appear January 29 at the Skirball Cultural Center in Los Angeles. A February 6 event featuring Ginsburg and private equity titan and philanthropist David Rubenstein in New York City was also canceled.  “Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg regrets that she is unable to attend the talk with David Rubenstein at 92Y on February 6,” 92nd Street Y told CNN. “She is curtailing travel and focusing on her work while recuperating from recent surgery.”      The Supreme Court says Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s recovery from cancer surgery is “on track” and no further treatment is required. The justice also missed court arguments this week.    Court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg said that doctors for Ginsburg confirmed an initial evaluation that found no evidence of remaining cancer following surgery.  The court’s oldest justice had surgery to remove cancerous growths on her left lung. She was released from the hospital in New York four days later and has been recuperating at home since then.  Last week, Ginsburg missed three days of arguments, the first time that’s happened since she joined the court in 1993. Still, she was allowed to participate using court briefs and transcripts.  Ginsburg has had two previous bouts with cancer, in 1999 and 10 years later.  The Associated Press contributed to this report.   
  WASHINGTON, DC — North Korea remains at the top of a list of 50 countries where at least 245 million Christians are facing “extreme persecution” this year, up 14 percent from 215 million at the beginning of 2018, the World Wide Watch List (WWL) released on Wednesday by Open Doors, a group that monitors the mistreatment of Christ followers, revealed.  At the Heritage Foundation, David Curry, the president and CEO of Open Doors, unveiled the 2019 WWL that ranks the top 50 “most dangerous” countries to follow Jesus, noting that women are especially targeted.               “The Open Doors World Watch List which you will see today is the most comprehensive grassroots study of what is happening around the world to restrict religious freedom, particularly for Christians,” he explained, adding “The data proves conclusively that Christian women are the most exploited group on the face of the earth.”  Curry highlighted several trends that are currently fueling the mistreatment of Christians, including the rise of authoritarianism and spread of radical Islam, particularly into sub-Saharan Africa.   “Radical Islam is the driver behind eight of the top 10 on the World Watch List this year, four of which are from Africa,” the Open Doors chief proclaimed.    “Africa is now a major epicenter of violence against Christians,” he observed.  Last year, worldwide persecution resulted in 4,136 deaths, 1,266 attacks on worshipping centers, and the detention 2,625 individuals, the report revealed. The number of deaths increased by about 35 percent from 3,066 at the beginning of 2018.  “Christians were killed for faith-related reasons. On average, that’s 11 Christians killed every day for their faith,” Open Doors noted.   Overall, one in 9 Christians across the world suffered from “high levels of persecution,” the organization added.  North Korea remained at the top of the list for the 18th year in a row.     Curry noted:   North Korea is number one on the World Watch List again and number one in the use of authoritarian tactics. It’s illegal to own a bible. The very suggestion that you’re a Christian can get you arrested with neighborhood watches again using old school communist tactics to control people. The use of authoritarian methods is a major trend on this year’s World Watch List and it’s a worrisome trend. We believe that churches must be sacred from authoritarian tactics.  This year, Open Doors listed 11 countries where Christians are experiencing “extreme persecution”: North Korea, Afghanistan, Somalia, Libya, Pakistan, Sudan, Eritrea, Yemen, Iran, India, and Syria.   “For the first time since the start of the World Watch List, India has entered the top 10,” Open Doors pointed out.   Open Doors’ report thus argues that India is a worse place to practice Christianity than China, where persecution against followers of Jesus has intensified under Communist Party leader Xi Jinping, who has vowed to “Sinicize” the country’s religions or make them more Chinese by instilling core communist values.   “China jumped 16 spots, from 43 to 27,” the monitor group reported.     Referring to both India and China, the Open Doors report said:  Each of these countries is home to more than a billion people, so these trends are distressing. Hindu nationalists in India continue to attack Christians with what seems like no consequences, and in China, the increased power of the government and the rule of Xi Jinping continue to make open worship difficult in some parts of the country.  Open Doors described the persecution of Christians in China as the worst it has been for more than a decade, with at least 50 million people facing some form of repression this year as the Xi administration tightens its grip over religious worship, the Guardian found.  The watchdog group, alluding to the estimated 65 million Christians in India, reported:    Christians have been targeted by Hindu nationalist extremists more each year. Since the current ruling party took power in 2014, attacks have increased, and Hindu radicals believe they can attack Christians with no consequences. The view of the nationalists is that to be Indian is to be Hindu, so any other faith— including Christianity—is viewed as non-Indian. Additionally, in some regions of the country, converts to Christianity from Hinduism experience extreme persecution, discrimination and violence.  Hindu nationalist groups in India are reportedly affiliated with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).  Curry pointed out:   The BJP party, which is the ruling party, Prime Minister Modi’s party has created a radical Hindu agenda within India that seeks to push out the Christian faith and anything other than the Hindu faith. They’re not hiding it. It’s not a secret. It’s their agenda and they have created an environment where people have impunity to attack churches — hundreds of churches have been attacked.   He went on to urge “influential business people in America of Indian descent…to speak out about the discrimination against Christians in India.”  “We believe the international community is beginning to wake up to this discrimination within India … because this is a massive human rights violation and Indian needs to be held to account if they want to be part of the international business community,” Curry added.   The Open Doors chief also urged the United States and other Western nations to defend and promote religious freedom.   Curry told reporters:  People around the world are losing their freedom to choose their faith and we have to pay attention. Religious freedom is the key to what it means to be free. It is the key to what it means to be human and we believe at Open Doors that everyone should have the right to choose their own faith or if they want to have no faith at all. The United States and the Western world can lead in defending and promoting religious freedom.  Open Doors released its WWL assessment one day after the United States government marked 2019’s Religious Freedom Day on Tuesday.  
  Athens (AFP) – Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras on Wednesday survived a confidence vote after a row over a landmark name deal with Macedonia sunk his four-year coalition.  A total of 151 lawmakers supported Tsipras’ government out of 299 present, including several independent MPs, the official count showed.      “Parliament today gave a vote of confidence to stability (and) the effort to regain the country’s international credibility,” Tsipras told reporters after the vote.  “To a government which has already changed Greece and will continue until the completion of its constitutionally-mandated term,” he said.  Despite the victory, the subsequent fate of Tsipras’ government — and whether he will complete his four-year term which ends in September — is far from certain.    The PM now faces an immediate challenge to also push through parliament the controversial name deal with neighbouring Macedonia, which has sparked protests in both countries.  In a speech to parliament on Tuesday, the 44-year-old leftist leader insisted his government “has another nine months and very important tasks to carry out,” pointing to elections in October.  Among his goals are a revision of the constitution, a minimum wage increase and the completion of a property deal with the church that was recently blocked by senior bishops.  “We do not seek (the support of) 151 lawmakers just to complete our term, but in order to carry out specific political initiatives,” government spokesman Dimitris Tzanakopoulos told Open TV on Wednesday.  Yet many Greeks think the elections could take place earlier than October and may even be called to coincide with European and local elections in May, if not sooner.    – Coalition in tatters –  Another protest will be held in Athens on Sunday against the agreement with Skopje to rename the country the Republic of North Macedonia.  Main opposition leader Kyriakos Misotakis of the New Democracy conservatives called Tsipras a “fortune-hunter” and “cheap demagogue” who had built a career on lies.  “You took power with lies, managed it with lies, and will leave it will lies,” Mitsotakis said during the confidence vote debate.   “You’ve dealt enough damage to the country… you see your end approaching,” Mitsotakis, who leads Tsipras in opinion polls, told leftist MPs.    The name-change deal aims to resolve a 27-year diplomatic dispute, but it broke up Tsipras’ coalition with the nationalist ANEL party at the weekend, ending their four-year partnership.  Macedonian lawmakers last week approved the deal, but it will only come into effect if it is also backed by the Greek parliament.  Athens has not given a date for the vote on the Macedonia deal, but Tsipras recently said it would be before the end of January.  The European Union and NATO have hailed the agreement which would lift Greek objections to Macedonia joining both organisations.  – Alexander the Great’s territory –  The proposal faces resistance in Greece because of what critics see as the implied claims to Greek land and cultural heritage.   For most Greeks, Macedonia is the name of their history-rich northern province made famous by Alexander the Great’s conquests.  In many cities in northern Greece, posters were put up overnight to urge local lawmakers to vote against the deal. A number of MPs also said they had received anonymous threats.  Police made several arrests over the poster incident, and are investigating the threats.  ANEL chief Panos Kammenos, Tsipras’ former coalition partner, on Wednesday said the name deal should be put to a referendum.  Much will depend on the stance of small pro-EU party To Potami, whose position hardened this week after Tsipras poached one of their lawmakers.  “You may have found 151 lawmakers for the confidence vote but you will not find 151 to back the (Macedonia) deal,” the party’s parliamentary spokesman Panos Amyras told the government on Wednesday.  
  Moscow (AFP) – Russia on Wednesday accused Washington of being uncooperative on efforts to save a crucial arms control treaty, only to be accused by the US of dishonesty.  Tensions have raged for months over the fate of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces treaty (INF) signed in 1987 by then US president Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev.      US President Donald Trump has promised to walk away from the agreement and President Vladimir Putin threatened a new arms race, saying Europe would be its main victim.   Speaking after fresh talks between US and Russian officials in Geneva to salvage the INF led nowhere, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow was ready to continue negotiating.  “We are still ready to work to save the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty,” Russia’s top diplomat told reporters.     He called on European nations to help influence Washington, saying they had a major stake in the issue and should not be “at the tail-end of the US position”.  Last month Washington gave Russia a 60-day deadline to dismantle missiles that it claims breach the INF treaty or the US would begin the six-month process of formally withdrawing from the deal.  Moscow’s top negotiator in Geneva, deputy foreign minister Sergei Ryabkov, said the Geneva talks centred on Russia’s 9M729 system but that US demands regarding the missile were unacceptable.   Lavrov said on Wednesday the Russian side in Geneva came up with “constructive proposals” aiming to give the US an idea of what the 9M729 system was, but the US side arrived with an “ultimatum” and demanded to “destroy” the rocket and related equipment.  – ‘Lip service’ –    US Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security Andrea Thompson countered that talks “did not break new ground” and said Russia’s offers of inspection of the 9M729 were inadequate and merely “paid lip service to transparency.”  “Disappointingly but unsurprisingly we weren’t able to break any new ground” in the Geneva talks, Thompson told reporters after briefing NATO allies in Brussels.  She said Moscow’s offers, such as a “static display” of the missiles, would not show whether they breach the treaty. The US wants to see the system in testing, not in an environment where the Russian military can “control the results,” she said.  Russian negotiators on Tuesday proposed holding another round of talks on the agreement but received no reply from the US side, Ryabkov has said.   Russia denies it is in violation of the treaty, which forbids ground-launched short- and intermediate-range missiles.    In Geneva on Tuesday, US and Russian diplomats blamed each other for pushing the agreement to the brink of collapse.      Russian officials said US representatives had confirmed Washington’s intention to begin withdrawing from the treaty from February 2.  – US trying to ‘impose its will’ –  Lavrov also expressed hope it would be possible to save another key arms control agreement, the New START.   The agreement, which caps the number of nuclear warheads held by Washington and Moscow, expires in 2021.  “We are doing a lot to remove possible irritants regarding it and are interested in having it extended,” he said.  He slammed Washington’s overall position, saying the potential for conflict was increasing due to the West’s unwillingness to accept “the reality of an emerging multi-polar world” and its desire to “impose its will” on the rest of the global community.  Putin has threatened to develop nuclear missiles banned under the INF treaty if it is scrapped.   He said in December he was open to the idea of other countries joining the INF treaty or to starting talks on a new agreement.  Putin has also said that if Washington moved to place more missiles in Europe after ditching the deal, Russia would respond “in kind” and that any European countries agreeing to host US missiles would be at risk of a Russian attack.  The INF deal resolved a crisis over Soviet nuclear-tipped ballistic missiles targeting Western capitals, but put no restrictions on other major military actors such as China.  burs-as-ma/dcr  
  The Hague (AFP) – The International Criminal Court on Wednesday dashed Ivory Coast ex-president Laurent Gbagbo’s hopes of a swift release following his acquittal on charges of crimes against humanity.  Trial judges had earlier ordered Gbagbo and his right-hand man Charles Ble Goude to be immediately freed after clearing them of any role in a wave of post-electoral violence in 2010-2011 that killed 3,000 people.      Celebrations erupted outside the court and Gbagbo’s daughter said he planned an emotional homecoming to the Ivory Coast, after seven years in detention.  But prosecutors filed a last-ditch challenge late Wednesday to keep the pair behind bars while the ICC looks at an overall appeal against Tuesday’s decision to acquit them.  “Pending the decision of the appeals chamber on this prosecutor’s request… Mr Gbagbo and Mr Ble Goude shall remain in ICC custody,” an ICC spokesman said.    The Ivorian pair can themselves appeal by a deadline of 1100 GMT on Thursday.  Prosecutors say there is a risk that if released now, Gbagbo and Ble Goude will refuse to return to face justice if the court later decides to overturn their acquittal.  The court’s decision to clear the two men had come as a major blow to ICC prosecutor Fatou Bensouda, as it was the latest in a series of failed cases against former African leaders.  Gbagbo and Ble Goude have been on trial since January 2016 over the bloodshed that gripped the former French colony after Gbagbo refused to concede defeat to his bitter rival, and now president, Alassane Ouattara in a presidential vote.  Judges stopped the trial midway on Tuesday due to an “exceptionally weak” prosecution case, and earlier on Wednesday they rejected an initial bid by prosecutors to keep Gbagbo behind bars.     – ‘Overwhelmed with joy’ –  Gbagbo’s daughter Marie Laurence had said her father planned to return home after his release.  “We are so overwhelmed with joy, we are proud of Dad. He went through it with dignity,” she told reporters outside the ICC following the earlier decision.  “We think that it was for a cause and that the message was clear — an innocent standing for Africa. Justice prevailed, the truth came out,” she added.  “We assume that the plan is to go back to Ivory Coast. We don’t know how long it will take for all the paperwork.”    In Ivory Coast, however, Gbagbo still faces a 20-year jail term for “economic crimes” imposed by a local court last year.  “Any decision lies with him. We have no comment to make otherwise,” said government spokesman Sidi Tiemoko Toure when asked about a Gbagbo homecoming.  He added that the government “urges calm, forgiveness and reconciliation” and that Ouattara “and the government are thinking of the victims” of the crisis.  Gbagbo’s wife Simone, dubbed the Iron Lady, was granted an amnesty by Ouattara last August from a similar 20-year jail term.  Ivory Coast faces fresh elections in 2020 to elect a successor to Ouattara, who has said he will not stand for re-election after serving two five-year terms.  Gbagbo has been behind bars since 2011, when he was captured by Ouattara’s troops, aided by UN and French forces, and sent to The Hague.  Violence after the November 2010 election turned Abidjan into a war zone and destabilised the African economic powerhouse, the world’s largest cocoa-producing nation.  
  Oklahoma coach Lincoln Riley could not help but admire Jalen Hurts from a distance.  He respected how the Alabama quarterback who lost his starting job to Tua Tagovailoa put the team above his pride. Hurts could have transferred right after Alabama went another direction, as so many quarterbacks do these days. Instead, he stuck it out and delivered a moment for the ages. After Tagovailoa went down with an injured ankle during the SEC title game against Georgia, Hurts rallied the Crimson Tide to victory.      “Could not be more impressed with Jalen Hurts, how he handled that,” Riley said as Oklahoma prepared to face Alabama in the playoff last month. “Big fan of that kid and how that entire situation was managed.”  Riley will get to know Hurts a lot better soon: The quarterback announced Wednesday in a story in the Players’ Tribune that he will transfer to Oklahoma. He will be available immediately as a graduate transfer.  “So to my about-to-be family in Norman, I truly appreciate you for bringing me on board. Y’all don’t know me yet… but just for now, to introduce myself: I’m a motivated coach’s son from the Eastside of Houston, and I love to play ball,” Hurts wrote.    Hurts leaves Alabama with 5,626 yards and 48 touchdowns passing and 1,976 yards and 23 touchdowns rushing. If he starts for the Sooners in their wide-open offense, more huge numbers are possible. If so, he will follow in the footsteps of  Kyler Murray, another dual threat maestro who is currently deciding whether to play in the NFL or Major League Baseball. Murray waited his turn behind future No. 1 NFL draft pick Baker Mayfield, then delivered the second-most efficient passing season in FBS history while rushing for 1,001 yards and 12 touchdowns last season.  Riley’s short history with transfers is spectacular.  Murray transferred from Texas A&M before winning the Heisman Trophy at Oklahoma this past season. Mayfield transferred from Texas Tech before winning the Heisman at Oklahoma in 2017. Neither was very efficient in their stops before playing for Riley.  Hurts could be next in line to make a dramatic leap.  “I’m very fortunate to have this opportunity, and I’m excited for the journey ahead,” he said.    Thirteen months ago, Hurts was a two-year starter who led Alabama to a pair of national championship games and was Southeastern Conference offensive player of the year as a freshman. In the 2018 national title game, with Alabama down big at halftime against Georgia, Tagovailoa replaced him and led the Crimson Tide to victory. Tagovailoa then beat out Hurts for the starting job heading into this past season and finished second in the Heisman voting. Hurts finished the season with 765 yards passing and 167 yards rushing.  Hurts should help Oklahoma smooth its transition from Murray at quarterback. Last year’s backup, Austin Kendall, is expected to transfer. Tanner Mordecai, a freshman last season, is the only quarterback currently on scholarship for the Sooners. Five-star recruit Spencer Rattler, the consensus No. 1 quarterback in the Class of 2019, is committed to the Sooners.  Hurts has a special place in Alabama history. When he graduated with a degree in public relations, he got a standing ovation as he walked across the stage.  “And to my Bama family, once again, THANK YOU — for everything. It’s been a great three years. I’ll love you until the end of time!” he said.  ___  Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CliffBruntAP  ___  More AP college football: https://apnews.com/Collegefootball and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25  
  DETROIT (AP) — Former Gov. John Engler will resign as interim president of Michigan State University amid public backlash over his comments about women and girls sexually assaulted by now-imprisoned campus sports doctor Larry Nassar, a member of the school’s Board of Trustees said Wednesday.  Joel Ferguson told The Associated Press that board members expected to receive a letter Wednesday from Engler spelling out the reasons he would step down and the effective date of his resignation.      “Yes, John is going to resign,” he said.  Engler had resisted earlier pressure to resign. His sudden reversal tops off a stormy period for the university under Engler and is the second time a Michigan State president left during the Nassar scandal.  The final straw for the university’s Board of Trustees came last week when Engler told The Detroit News that Nassar’s victims had been in the “spotlight” and are “still enjoying that moment at times, you know, the awards and recognition.”    Nassar is now serving decades-long prison sentences for sexually assaulting patients and possessing child pornography.  The AP left messages Wednesday seeking comment from Engler, who was hired last February following the resignation of president Lou Anna Simon over the Nassar scandal. Board Chairwoman Dianne Byrum said Engler was traveling out of state this week, in part to attend the burial of his father-in-law.  Brian Mosallam told The Associated Press Wednesday that “the votes are there” to force Engler out at a special board meeting scheduled Thursday at the school in East Lansing.  Byrum stopped short of confirming that she asked Engler to resign but told the AP “he has a decision to make” because the board is poised to name a new interim leader at Thursday’s meeting. Both Byrum and Mosallam are Democrats, and Engler is a former Republican Michigan governor.  Mosallam, a long-time Engler critic, said Wednesday on Twitter that “JOHN ENGLER’S REIGN OF TERROR IS OVER.” His tweet followed a post by Byrum announcing Thursday’s meeting.    After Engler was hired by the board, Michigan State agreed to a $500 million settlement with 332 women and girls who said they were sexually assaulted by Nassar. Of that, $75 million will cover future claims.  In April, Engler told another university official in emails that Rachael Denhollander, the first woman to go public with her accusations about Nassar, was probably getting a “kickback” from her attorney.  Denhollander told the AP Wednesday that her hope is that the board “is signaling at least the beginning of a true change in direction and tone. And in order to do that, they have to deal with the person they put in place.”  She said who Engler was and how he operated “was no secret in Michigan.” The former board — five members remain and three are gone — picked Engler “for a reason,” she said, and it “needs to take responsibility for what they did.”  Her biggest concern with Engler’s tenure has been what he has “communicated about abuse,” Denhollander said. “What he has communicated is that survivors who speak up will be attacked and blamed and shamed, that those who push for change are going to be accused of enjoying the spotlight, that they will be lied about.”    The elected board has five Democrats, two Republicans and an appointee who was named last month by then-Gov. Rick Snyder. The board’s makeup became more Democratic in the November election. Engler, a Michigan State alum, served as governor from 1991 through 2002.  The university fired Nassar in 2016, two years after he was the subject of a sexual assault investigation. He also worked with the U.S. Olympic gymnastics team.  Hundreds of women and girls, most of them gymnasts, accused Nassar of molesting them when they sought treatment during his time working for Michigan State and USA Gymnastics, which trained Olympians.  A special prosecutor in December accused Michigan State of stonewalling his investigation into the school’s handling of the scandal. Bill Forsyth released a report that said the school fought the release of certain relevant documents and released others that were heavily redacted or irrelevant. It says such actions hampered the investigation.  “Their biggest concern was the reputation of the university,” Forsyth said at a news conference.  ___  Eggert reported from Lansing, Mich.  ___  For more stories on Larry Nassar and the fallout from his years of sexual abuse of young women and girls: https://www.apnews.com/LarryNassar  
  Wednesday on CNN’s “Newsroom,” Rep. Gregory Meeks (D-NY) said President Donald Trump was unleashing racism in American during a discussion about Rep. Steve King’s (R-IA) racist statements.  When asked about Trump telling reporters he did not know about King’s remarks, Meeks said, “That’s just ridiculous. Here’s a president that watches television all the time, looks at the news all the time and yesterday he said he didn’t know what was going on. That’s like when he said he didn’t know who David Duke was. He was hesitant in making statements because he doesn’t want to disturb that part of the support that comes from the racist mentality and has the same beliefs and believe the same thing that Steve King said. That’s what he’s had in his campaign and said about Charlottesville—good people on both sides. So it’s a weak argument.”      He continued, “Unfortunately, in the United States of America we have not. All Americas have not all been against racism. And this president has brought it back where it seems to be that it’s okay. We have had individuals who were marching in Charlottesville, clear memories of the Ku Klux Klan and Nazis who did not even feel threatened enough to cover their faces anymore. So racism is still alive and well in the United States of America, and we have a president that seems to help unleash it and get people feeling they can come out of the closet with that kind of racism.”  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  
  Rep. Sean Duffy (R-WI) is looking to expand President Trump’s tariff authority, granting the president the power to impose reciprocal tariffs on specific foreign imports.  Duffy’s legislation, the United States Reciprocal Trade Act, gives Trump the power to raise tariffs on specific foreign products if those countries’ tariffs are much higher on the same U.S. product.  Duffy notes in a draft version of the legislation, obtained by Politico, that Trump “should have a wide array of tools to open the markets of United States trading partners … including the authority to adjust tariff rates to reciprocal levels.”      “So the president doesn’t have the greatest tools to make sure, not just free trade but fair trade, I’m going to drop a bill, the Reciprocal Trade Act, which will allow the president to say, ‘Europe, you have a ten percent tariff on our autos and we only have a 2.5 percent tariff on your autos,’ we’re going to give the president the authority to raise our tariff to ten percent to match the European auto tariff,” Duffy told Fox Business Network’s Lou Dobbs.  A source told Politico that White House trade adviser Peter Navarro — a fierce defender of American workers — is pushing the reciprocal tariff legislation in the administration and on Capitol Hill.  Duffy said the expansion of tariff authority is ultimately “about the American worker” and the protection of American industry from multilateral free trade agreements.    “This is about the American worker,” Duffy continued. “Let’s make sure that we can produce products and sell them around the world without one hand tied behind our backs.”  “Instead of letting the rest of the world block us because of their tariffs and then come to our markets and sell and compete against our workers,” Duffy said. “It’s absolutely unfair. We’re going to give the president the tools necessary to not just fight, but win the war for the American worker.”  Already, Trump has imposed a 25 percent tariff on steel imports and a ten percent tariff on aluminum imports, both of which have generated at least 11,100 U.S. jobs as of last year. Trump’s enactment of the ten percent tariff on imported aluminum, alone, has primary aluminum producers on track to create 1,075 American jobs and downstream producers to create more than 2,000 jobs in the industry.    As Breitbart News has extensively reported, between 2001 and 2017, the U.S.-China trade deficit was responsible for the loss of 3.4 million American jobs. The vast majority of jobs lost from free trade with China have been in the U.S. manufacturing sector, making up 74.4 percent of all jobs lost and amounting to 2.5 million U.S. manufacturing jobs lost. This total of jobs lost also includes the 1.3 million American jobs lost since 2008.    One former steel town in West Virginia lost 94 percent of its steel jobs because of NAFTA, with nearly 10,000 workers in the town being displaced from the steel industry.            John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.                
  Bestselling author Dr. Jordan Peterson and Rubin Report host Dave Rubin have left Patreon in protest of the funding platform’s censorship, losing up to $100,000 dollars of monthly income between the two of them in the process.  Peterson and Rubin left Patreon on Tuesday, after announcing their departure date at the start of this month.  In May, Peterson was reportedly earning $80,000 per month on Patreon, and in April, Rubin was earning over $30,000 per month.      According to Graphtreon, Peterson was also the tenth most popular Patreon account for five months in 2018, and the ninth most popular for three months.  Following a number of instances of censorship on the platform, however, Patreon users started to leave, culminating in a mass exodus of users following the blacklisting of political commentator Carl Benjamin, who is known as Sargon of Akkad online.  Following Benjamin’s blacklisting, and the subsequent exodus of users, Peterson and Rubin revealed an interest in creating a rival platform, and eventually set a date for their own departure.    In a video on January 1, Peterson claimed it was “unethical” to continue working with Patreon in the wake of its political censorship.  “It’s not something I’m thrilled about by any stretch of the imagination so you and I have been talking for a couple of weeks now ever since this scandal around Carl Benjamin, or Sargon of Akkad, broke we decided a while back that we were going to do, well, a variety of things,” declared Peterson in the video. “We’re going to announce our departure from Patreon, which is what we’re doing in this video. I’m going to leave Patreon January 15th.”  In the video, Peterson also added, “I also am going to leave Patreon on January 15th, which by the way, we should be clear, this is not something that we wanted to do. We were both perfectly happy on Patreon. Patreon, at least for me, it’s been the backbone of my show. I mean that’s somewhere between 60 and 70 percent of our funding is through Patreon, so this not something we wanted to do.”  “The implication was, oh we’re doing this for money, but it’s like, we’re taking a major hit right now and opening ourselves up to all sorts of risks, so I’m going ahead and doing that because I believe we can do something better,” he continued. “We’ve got to figure out exactly what that is, and that’s what we’re working on.”  Peterson then proclaimed, “I’m not happy in the least with what has happened. I have thought about it a lot, and believe that given Patreon’s proclivity to censor and the reasons that they’re doing it, especially as I’ve looked more and more deeply into the reasons… I’ve become increasingly convinced that it’s unethical to continue my association with the company.”    In the same video, Peterson and Rubin also claimed to still be working on their Patreon alternative.    Peterson and Rubin were not the first large Patreon users to leave the platform, with author Sam Harris, who was the eleventh most popular user, leaving Patreon in December.  “As many of you know, the crowdfunding site Patreon has banned several prominent content creators from its platform. While the company insists that each was in violation of its terms of service, these recent expulsions seems more readily explained by political bias,” expressed Harris at the time. “Although I don’t share the politics of the banned members, I consider it no longer tenable to expose any part of my podcast funding to the whims of Patreon’s ‘Trust and Safety’ committee. I will be deleting my Patreon account tomorrow.”  Podcast Sword and Scale, which is currently the fifth most popular account on Patreon, has also expressed interest in leaving for an alternative.  “As the fifth largest content creator on @Patreon, we do not feel the policing of speech should be part of the business model,” posted Sword and Scale on Twitter in December. “Looking forward to joining the alternative platform proposed by @RubinReport and @JordanBPeterson as soon as it’s launched.”                                                                                                                                                                                Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington, or like his page at Facebook.                                                                                                                                                                                  
  Reports suggest that at least eight people have died in protests against skyrocketing gasoline prices in Zimbabwe as of this Wednesday, which continued into the day despite President Emmerson Mnangagwa reportedly claiming the demonstrations were “fizzling out.”  Riots throughout Harare triggered violent disputes and threatened businesses as opposition leaders called for only peaceful demonstrations against the ruling Zanu-PF party, which Mnangagwa has run since the forced removal of dictator Robert Mugabe in 2017. The government responded, according to opposition leaders, by beating and arresting opposition leaders and protesters. Some witnesses claim that police went door-to-door in opposition-held neighborhoods looking to beat and threaten men believed to be sympathetic to the protests. The government also temporarily shut down access to the internet in the country, arguing that opposition groups were succeeding too much at using social media to galvanize protesters.  Mnangagwa announced on Sunday that the government would raise the price of gasoline, making it the world’s most expensive at $3.33 per liter ($12.60 per gallon). Diesel fuel rose to the price of $3.11 per liter ($11.77 per gallon). The president claimed that the move was necessary because too much fuel was being sold on the black market, limiting government tax revenue on the product and demanding a price hike.      Opposition Movement for a Democratic Change (MDC) party officials called for peaceful demonstrations against the move. While some Zimbabweans did organize in a peaceful fashion, some protesters began blockading roads and attempting to shut down regular life in Harare on Monday.  Police responded by firing into crowds, the Associated Press (AP) reported Tuesday. Citing Amnesty International, the AP reported the death toll as of Monday to be eight people; other reports estimated that as many as 26 people were shot and beaten, but did not offer death counts.  “Police and soldiers went door to door and barged into homes in Mabvuku and other Harare suburbs and assaulted people, according to Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights and witnesses,” the AP reported. With police distracted in attempting to hunt down dissidents, criminals took the opportunity to loot supermarkets and shops, triggering concerns that Harare may run out of food if protests continue.    The government also cut access to the internet, and particularly to social media outlets like Twitter and Whatsapp, to prevent opposition leaders from organizing times and places for protests. The government blamed the MDC for the violence, though the deadliest attacks are believed to have been conducted by police.  The MDC also suffered what it deemed a terrorist attack to its headquarters, the Morgan Tsvangirai House, named after the late opposition leader. Party officials claimed Mnangagwa’s party, Zanu-PF, placed a bomb at the headquarters to intimidate the party into silence.  Mnangagwa departed for Russia on Monday and has not been in the country since protests began. On Wednesday, the Russian state propaganda outlet Sputnik quoted Mnangagwa as saying that he was not extremely concerned about the protests because “these come and pass.”  “I understand this that there were some protests happening yesterday, but they are almost fizzling out and there is no country which has no challenging problems,” he reportedly said from Moscow.  The government did return internet access to most of Zimbabwe on Wednesday, followed by a message posted on Facebook by Mnangagwa.  “Unfortunately, what we have witnessed is violence and vandalism instead of peaceful, legal protests. There can be no justification for violence, against people and property. Violence will not reform our economy. Violence will not rebuild our nation,” the statement read, according to the New Zimbabwe newspaper. “I understand the pain and frustration that many of you are feeling.”  The MDC nonetheless condemned Mnangagwa’s government on Wednesday for violence against dissidents, alluding to the role the president is believed to have played in the 1980s genocide known as “Operation Gukurahundi,” led by Robert Mugabe.  “Responding to the shocking incompetent manner in which Mnangagwa has run government, the people of Zimbabwe peacefully came out in numbers to protest and demand a government that can actually think and govern,” a statement from MDC spokesperson Nkululeko Sibanda read. “This only goes to prove that those who masterminded Gukurahundi and all the history of violence … are at the helm of the State. The current abuse of human rights must come to an end immediately.”  Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.  
  Los Angeles (AFP) – LeBron James will miss at least two more games as he recovers from a groin injury but has been cleared to resume practice next week, the Los Angeles Lakers said Wednesday.  James has not played for the Lakers since limping out of his team’s Christmas Day victory over the Golden State Warriors last month at the Staples Center.      Since then the Lakers’ form has nosedived, with the Western Conference hopefuls losing seven out of 11 games where James has been unavailable for selection.    A medical update from the Lakers on Wednesday said the 34-year-old would miss the team’s upcoming road trip this week, which involves games against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday and the Houston Rockets on Saturday.  However James could soon be back for the Lakers as they attempt to reignite their playoff push.  “James … has been cleared to return to practice commencing next week, and progress towards a return to game play thereafter,” the Lakers said.  The Lakers are due to face Golden State at home next Monday, before taking on the Minnesota Timberwolves on January 24.  
  Washington (AFP) – US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo warned foreign businesses Wednesday to steer clear of formerly private properties seized by Cuba — and said he was considering allowing lawsuits over such properties in US courts.  Pompeo said he was reviewing whether to move forward on the Libertad Act, a 1996 law that would allow Cuban exiles to sue both private companies and Cuba itself for profiting on properties nationalized after Fidel Castro’s 1959 communist revolution.      US administrations have routinely used their authority to delay implementation of the act every six months — but Pompeo said he was issuing a suspension for only 45 days starting from February 1.  Pompeo said in a statement that US President Donald Trump’s administration would conduct a “careful review” over the period.  The administration will look at “efforts to expedite a transition to democracy in Cuba and include factors such as the Cuban regime’s brutal oppression of human rights and fundamental freedoms and its indefensible support for increasingly authoritarian and corrupt regimes in Venezuela and Nicaragua,” he said.    “We call upon the international community to strengthen efforts to hold the Cuban government accountable for 60 years of repression of its people,” he added.  “We encourage any person doing business in Cuba to reconsider whether they are trafficking in confiscated property and abetting this dictatorship.”  The warning was another sharp reversal from the policies of former president Barack Obama, who normalized relations with Cuba and said that decades of US policy to overthrow the communist state had failed.  Even before Obama’s reconciliation drive, successive US administrations determined that the Libertad Act would jeopardize key relationships as European allies and Canada have invested widely in Cuba.  The Libertad Act was spearheaded by late far-right Republican senator Jesse Helms after Cuba in 1996 shot down two aircraft flown by exiled Cuban activists.  
  Mobile (United States) (AFP) – European aircraft manufacturer Airbus on Wednesday broke ground on its second assembly line in the southern US state of Alabama, where it plans to build its small A220 jets, as it seeks to swipe market share from rival Boeing.  “We continue to grow,” Airbus Americas CEO Jeff Knittel said at the ceremony in Mobile, where the company already opened a plant in 2015 for building its A320 passenger jet.      Now, more than 1,500 of our planes are flying in the US,” he added.  Production at the $300 million plant is expected to begin in the third quarter of this year, with the first delivery of an A220 set for 2020. The facility expects eventually to put out four of the aircraft a month.  Airbus says it generated $48 billion in aircraft- and space-related expenditures in the US in 2017, supporting more than 275,000 jobs.    “We are not in competition with the United States — we’re in competition in the United States,” Knittel said.   In 2017, Airbus acquired the A220-300 aircraft line, which Canadian firm Bombardier had developed as its CSeries, and which represents a new generation designed for airlines seeking 100-150 seat planes.  Bombardier had struggled to win customers even though the planes offered fuel savings similar to that of a new class of larger aircraft sold by Airbus and Boeing.  The A220’s seating capacity falls between that of traditional commuter planes and the Airbus A320 family, which can seat from 180 to 240 people and which has become an airline workhorse on medium-range routes.  “The largest market for the A220 is the US,” Knittel said.   “We’re talking to a number of airlines and I am very optimistic about those discussions,” he added, without offering further details.  Airbus already produces 4.5 A320s a month at its other Alabama site, and hopes to boost that number to five a month.  
  The partial government shutdown is a double-whammy for Cara and Philip Mangone, a married couple from Philadelphia. Both are agents with the Transportation Safety Administration, both working full time at the Philadelphia airport. Neither knows when they might again start drawing their paychecks.  Part-time jobs are out of the question — they work opposite shifts timed to make sure one of them is always home with their kids, ages 2 and 5. So donations of food and diapers have been a real help as savings are being stretched thin.      “Every penny that we don’t have to spend is helpful,” Cara Mangone said Wednesday as she picked up donated goods being distributed at the airport by fellow members of the American Federation of Government Employees.  The shutdown has brought an outpouring of generosity to TSA agents and other federal employees who are working without pay. Food, financial help, haircuts and toiletries are among the donated goods and services. TSA screeners start at about $24,000 a year, and most make between $26,000 and $35,000, less than many other government employees, although some earn more because of seniority, overtime or level of management responsibility.  On Wednesday, donations of diapers, juice, garbage bags, canned soup and boxes of Ramen noodles were being unloaded onto luggage carts at the valet drop-off curb at Orlando International Airport, to be distributed to TSA workers there the next day.    “I just wanted to support the federal workers who are furloughed because of the inaction of our government leaders,” said Brian Couch, wearing a Kansas City Chiefs ball cap as he dropped off his donation.  The airport in Pittsburgh provided a free lunch to TSA workers on what should have been their payday last Friday. “Our Operation Thank You free lunch program initially was only Fridays but because we’re hearing from several  food vendors who want to donate, it’s possible it will be increased to more days,” airport spokesman Bob Kerlik said in an email.  At Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, spokeswoman Elise Durham said some concession operators there were also donating free lunches to TSA workers and the airport was providing complimentary parking for those workers who need it.  Some travelers wanted to get in on the act, but TSA rules don’t allow that.  “There are people trying to donate gift cards to us at the checkpoints,” Cara Mangone said. “We can’t accept it.”    Businesses large and small are trying to help.  The Ruby Slipper, a New Orleans-based restaurant chain with several locations in the city and on the Gulf Coast, said on its Facebook page that it has served some 3,000 free meals since offering help to unpaid federal employees more than two weeks ago. At The Top Knot Beauty Company in the New Orleans suburb of Metairie, owner Jennifer Delage has been offering free haircuts to federal employees. She said other businesses have followed suit with free or discounted services.  “That was the main goal,” Delage said. “To inspire others to pay it forward.”  Such sentiments are evident all over the country — and beyond.  A LIFELINE FOR THE COASTGUARD    Unlike other military services, the U.S. Coast Guard, part of the Department of Homeland Security, isn’t funded during the shutdown. In a letter posted on social media, the guard’s commandant, Adm. Karl Schultz, said USAA, a company that provides banking and investment services to current and former military members and their families, made a $15 million donation to support those in need, to be distributed with assistance from the American Red Cross.  In another gesture, Roger Williams University invited active-duty Coast Guard members in Rhode Island and Massachusetts and their families to its Bristol, Rhode Island, campus for a free dinner Tuesday night. About 75 people showed up.  PIZZAS ACROSS THE BORDER  Canadian air traffic controllers have been taking up donations to have pizzas delivered to their American counterparts at locations around the U.S.   Pizzas have been bought for controllers at 84 U.S. facilities. “We’ve stopped tracking the number of pizzas,” said Tania Calverley, director of communications for the Canadian Air Traffic Controllers Association. “We’re certainly well over 400.”  FREE RIDES  The Kansas City Area Transportation Authority has announced that all federal employees will be able to ride public transit for free by showing their government IDs.  “We want to … assist those who are hurting by taking a little weight off of their shoulders during this time,” Robbie Makinen, CEO and President of the authority, said in a news release about the program, which began Tuesday.  BRIDGE LOANS  Some financial institutions are offering low-interest, or even no-interest loans, to unpaid workers.  Webster Bank in Connecticut said it would offer no-interest loans to any federal workers who are working and not being paid during the shutdown. In announcing the assistance program on Tuesday, Connecticut Gov. Ned Lamont said he hopes other banks will offer similar programs. The loans are to be repaid after the workers receive back pay.  In addition to its donation to help Coast Guard personnel, USAA has announced low-interest loan offers to active Coast Guard, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Corps and Public Health Service Corps personnel whose pay is disrupted.  ___  McGill reported from New Orleans. Associated Press reporters John Raoux in Orlando and David Koenig in Dallas contributed to this report.  
  WASHINGTON (AP) — The partial government shutdown threw a prime Washington ritual into question Wednesday as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi asked President Donald Trump to forgo his Jan. 29 State of the Union speech, expressing doubts that the hobbled government can provide adequate security. Republicans saw her move as a ploy to deny Trump the stage.  In a letter to Trump, Pelosi said that with both the Secret Service and the Homeland Security Department entangled in the shutdown, the president should speak to Congress another time or he should deliver the address in writing. Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen denied anyone’s safety is compromised, saying both agencies “are fully prepared to support and secure the State of the Union.”      Inviting the president to give the speech is usually pro forma, and Pelosi issued the invitation in routine fashion, in consultation with the White House, several weeks ago. But with the shutdown in its fourth week, the White House and Democrats in a stalemate and the impasse draining the finances of hundreds of thousands of federal employees, little routine is left in the capital.  Pelosi left unclear what would happen if Trump insisted on coming despite the welcome mat being pulled away. It takes a joint resolution of the House and Congress to extend the official invitation and set the stage.  “We’ll have to have a security evaluation, but that would mean diverting resources,” she told reporters when asked how she would respond if Trump still intended to come. “I don’t know how that could happen.”    She added: “This is a continuation of government issue that we have the proper security for such an event.” She was referring to an occasion that brings all three branches of government together in the same room — the president, members of Congress and the Supreme Court justices who attend.  To Republican Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, the matter was less about security than about Pelosi feeling she has the upper hand in the budget standoff.  “She’s talking about canceling the State of the Union — this is not somebody who’s feeling any pressure,” Johnson said. “I think Republicans are getting the lion’s share of the pressure.”  Rep. Andy Biggs, R-Ariz., said he hopes Trump will proceed with his speech. Pelosi is “censoring this vital message for transparent political purposes,” he said.  The White House hosted a bipartisan group of lawmakers, followed by a group of Republican senators, on the 26th day of the shutdown, with no sign of breaking through the impasse over Trump’s demands for $5.7 billion to build a wall along the Mexican border. Democratic leaders are refusing to bargain over a border wall they oppose as long as the government remains partially closed.    On Wednesday, Trump signed legislation into law affirming that the roughly 800,000 federal workers who have been going without pay will ultimately be compensated for their lost wages. That was the practice in the past.  Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Democratic Sen. Chris Coons of Delaware are leading a renewed effort to persuade Trump to let the government reopen for three weeks in return for a commitment from lawmakers to try to address his concerns about border security in that period. They are seeking signatures on a letter spelling out the plan.  Trump rejected that approach earlier and the initiative was having trouble getting many Republicans on board.  “Does that help the president or does that hurt the president?” asked Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., among those who went to the White House. He has not signed the letter. “If the president saw it as a way to be conciliatory, if he thought it would help, then perhaps it’s a good idea,” he said. “If it’s just seen as a weakening of his position, then he probably wouldn’t do it.”  While Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said she has signed, others said GOP support was lacking. “They’re a little short on the R side,” said Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., another leader of the effort.    Other lawmakers are floating additional plans, but Graham was skeptical any would break through.  “I am running out of ideas,” he said.  “The Democrats are not going to negotiate with the government shut down,” he said. “People in the White House don’t like hearing that. I don’t know what to tell them other than what I actually think.”  Even as administration officials projected confidence in their course, Kevin Hassett, chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers, said Tuesday the shutdown is slowing growth more than predicted.  An economic shift could rattle Trump, who has tied his political fortunes to the stock market and repeatedly stressed economic gains as evidence that his tax-cut package and deregulation efforts are succeeding. Economic optimism had already cooled somewhat as Trump’s trade fight with China shook the markets.  Hassett told reporters the White House is doubling its estimate of the strain on the economy of the shutdown, and now calculates that it is slowing growth by about 0.1 percentage points a week.  With the shutdown in its fourth week, that suggests the economy has lost nearly a half-percentage point of growth so far, though some of that occurred at the end of last year and some in the first quarter of this year. Hassett said the economy should get a boost when the government re-opens.  Previous White House estimates of the impact did not fully take into account the effect on people who work for private companies that contract with the government to provide services, Hassett said.  ___  For AP’s complete coverage of the U.S. government shutdown: https://apnews.com/GovernmentShutdown  ___  Associated Press writers Chris Rugaber, Darlene Superville, Matthew Daly, Jonathan Lemire, Alan Fram, Andrew Taylor, Laurie Kellman, Elana Schor and Ken Sweet contributed to this report  
  Nearly all GOP Senators are rejecting a proposal backed by Sen. Chuck Schumer that would have President Donald Trump agree to reopen the shuttered federal agencies in exchange for Democrats promising to debate his border wall funding request, according to Politico.  The proposal is in a draft letter which is being pushed by GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham and Deleware Democratic Sen. Chris Coons:  We respectfully request that you join us in supporting a short-term Continuing Resolution (CR) of three weeks to give Congress time to develop and vote on a bipartisan agreement that addresses your request. We commit to working to advance legislation that can pass the Senate with substantial bipartisan support.  During those three weeks, we will make our best efforts following regular order in the appropriate committees and mark up bipartisan legislation relating to your request. This would include debating and voting on investments on the Southern border that are necessary, effective, and appropriate to accomplish that goal.  The letter was likely leaked to Politico because it is failing to win GOP support. In its report, Politico admitted in the tenth paragraph that GOP Senators are not cooperating:      There were early signs getting GOP support would be difficult. Sen. Shelly Moore Capito (R-W.Va.), who has expressed frustration with shutdown, said she doesn’t have “any objection to the letter at all. I’m just not going to sign.”  And Sen. Thom Tillis (R-N.C.), who has been meeting with the bipartisan clutch of senators, said he needed some buy-in from House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) that any Senate bill would be taken up in the House.  The letter is being pushed quietly by the Democrats’ leader, Sen. Chuck Schumer, according to Politico:    Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) visited the House Democratic Caucus on Wednesday to urge Democrats to lobby GOP senators from their state to sign the letter, predicting some GOP senators who have previously been outspoken about the effort will join, according to an attendee. Schumer’s lobbying could backfire: Few Republicans want to be seen as siding with the Democratic leader against the president.  The tactic of hiding Schumer’s role behind a bipartisan panel is similar to a February 2018 push by Schumer.  He used a bipartisan group fronted by Maine GOP Sen. Susan Collins, Graham, and Coons to push a so-called “moderate” immigration bill. The bill would have provided amnesty to roughly three million ‘DACA illegals, plus a practical amnesty to the population of at least 12 million illegals living in the United States. The bill was lauded as “moderate” by reporters and was backed by a handful of Republicans and by nearly all Democrats. The bill was blocked after a strenuous lobbying effort by Trump’s deputies.    Watch Sen. Collins defend her double-amnesty (DACA and a 'prioritization-amnesty') at a press conference with one reporter & a chorus of compliant progressives. Spoiler: She wants a national amnesty b/c Maine employers think wages are too damn high. https://t.co/uxVVjjWuRl  — Neil Munro (@NeilMunroDC) February 19, 2018
  Recently leaked documents suggest that the students behind the Stanford University newspaper are intentionally tainting their work with a progressive bias.  According to a report from The College Fix, the student operators of the Stanford Daily are intentionally letting their progressive bias seep into their reporting.  It’s unusual that campus bias stories are accompanied by the direct proof that is available in this one. Republican students at Stanford uncovered internal documents from the paper that reveal a staffer’s push to make the paper’s political partisanship more transparent.      In one of the leaked documents, a current leader of the paper directly argues that the publication should embrace its left-wing bias. “Shirking away from this or pretending that we offer truly unbiased reporting is not only intellectually dishonest, but also hinders us from pursuing the topics and ideas that matter and can make a difference,” the student wrote.    In a statement, the Stanford Daily editor-in-chief published a statement defending their organization against the claims made by the individual staff who wrote the leaked document. In the statement, the editor, Courtney C. Douglas, wrote that while the paper is not a “biased left-wing organization,” they do occasionally let their progressive bias slip into their reporting.  Defining objectivity — let alone achieving it — isn’t easy. In the course of our editing cycles, we frequently debate whether to include details, analyses or even adjectives that might vaguely insinuate that we are aligned with one side of an issue. Further, journalism, especially student journalism, is a human enterprise. As with all other papers, despite our best efforts, we occasionally slip out of the objectivity that our craft demands, or otherwise make mistakes. In these cases, we are transparent in our corrections and unrelenting in our quest to do better in our future coverage. We also leave room for dissent, welcoming Letter to the Editor submissions and additional comment for follow-up news reports.  Stay tuned to Breitbart News for more updates on this story.  
  Indiana’s Marion County prosecutor says there will be no charges for a son who shot and killed an intruder while staying at his mother’s house.  The Indy Star reports that the house was being sold and the mother had asked the son to stay and keep a watch on it until the sale was final.  The son and a friend stayed in the home and witnessed a dark Chevy van pull into the driveway around 6:30 p.m. A man from the van began trying to make entry into the home as the son’s friend dialed 911.      The suspect, 39-year-old Rickey Cartmel, got into the home and began moving toward the son. The son ordered Cartmel to stop then shot him when he refused to comply.    Cartmel “staggered out of the home” and another man confronted the son. The second suspect had “something in his hand” and the son opened fire. The second suspect ran back to the van and got in just before the vehicle sped off.  Police found Cartmel’s body lying in the yard when they arrived. They later found and arrested 47-year-old Benjamin Gardner and 40-year-old Kevin Lemaster. Police also discovered the Chevy van which was “riddled with bullet holes.”  FOX 59 reports that the son will not face any charges in the shooting because his actions are “protected by Indiana’s self-defense statute.”  AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment. He is the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com. Sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange.  
  Washington (AFP) – US authorities are in “advanced” stages of a criminal probe that could result in an indictment of Chinese technology giant Huawei, a published report said Wednesday.  The Wall Street Journal, citing anonymous sources, said the Justice Department is looking into allegations of theft of trade secrets from Huawei’s US business partners, including a T-Mobile robotic device used to test smartphones.      The Justice Department declined to comment on the report. Huawei did not respond to an AFP request for comment.    The move would further escalate tensions between the US and China after the arrest last year in Canada of Huawei’s chief financial officer Meng Wanzhou, who is the daughter of the company founder.  The case of Meng, under house arrest awaiting proceedings, has inflamed US-China and Canadian-China relations, and Ottawa has said 13 Canadians have since been detained by Beijing,  including one sentenced to death on drug trafficking charges.  Huawei, the second-largest global smartphone maker and biggest producer of telecommunications equipment, has for years been under scrutiny in the United States over purported links to the Chinese government.  Huawei’s reclusive founder Ren Zhengfei, in a rare media interview Tuesday, forcefully denying accusations that his firm engaged in espionage on behalf of the Chinese government.  The tensions come amid a backdrop of US President Donald Trump’s efforts to get more manufacturing on US soil and slap hefty tariffs on Chinese goods for what he claims are unfair trade practices by Beijing.  
  Colombo (AFP) – A Chinese state-owned company marked on Wednesday the completion of an ambitious land reclamation adjacent to Sri Lanka’s capital Colombo, part of Beijing’s “Belt and Road” infrastructure initiative that has alarmed India and the West.  “Colombo Port City is an important project of the One Belt, One Road initiative in Sri Lanka, which is one of the key countries along the maritime silk route,” China’s ambassador Cheng Xueyuan said at a ceremony.      “No matter how the international situation changes, China always facilitates great importance to Sino-Sri Lanka relations and actively implements the consensus of the leaders of the two countries,” he added.  The $1.4 billion Colombo Port City was agreed between China and Sri Lanka’s former president Mahinda Rajapakse, one of several projects to raise fears that the strategically important location was falling into Beijing’s orbit.  On another, the $1.4-billion Hambantota deep-sea port also built by the Chinese, China in December 2017 was given a 99-year lease after Colombo said it was unable to keep up with servicing loans made by Beijing to pay for it.    The nearby Hambantota airport also funded by China and built in Rajapaske’s constituency in the middle of two wildlife sanctuaries has turned into a white elephant, with no scheduled flights.  Two-thirds of the new 269 hectare (664 acre) reclamation project which is envisaged as the site of a new financial district and has worried environmentalists, goes to China on a 99-year lease.  Patali Champika, the minister in charge of the project, said however that the reclaimed area would not be a threat to Sri Lanka’s sovereignty or undermine the security of regional power India.  The port of Colombo is a key hub for Indian import-export cargo and the new real estate is situated at the entrance.  China has also emerged a key political and financial backer of Sri Lanka, dislodging Japan which used to be the biggest funder of infrastructure such as ports in the island nation.  Finance ministry officials said the Bank of China had offered Colombo a $1.0 billion loan to shore up its foreign reserves amid an exodus of foreign capital from Sri Lanka’s bond and equity markets.  The Chinese funding becomes crucial at a time when three international credit rating agencies downgraded Sri Lanka after a political crisis in late 2018.  
  Tehran (AFP) – Iran’s FM Javad Zarif called the detention of one of its journalists in the United States a “political action” that tramples on freedom of speech and demanded her immediate release.  “The arrest of Marzieh Hashemi by America is an unacceptable political act that tramples on freedom of speech,” Zarif told state run Al-Alam TV on Wednesday.      US-born Hashemi, who works for Iran’s English-language Press TV, was arrested on arrival at St Louis Lambert International Airport on Sunday, according to family and friends cited by Press TV.  Zarif said that since Hashemi was married to an Iranian she is considered as an Iranian national and “it is our duty to defend our citizens.”  “The Americans must immediately end this political game,” he added, demanding her release.    Earlier on Wednesday the head of Press TV said that Hashemi had been detained with her son in the United States on unspecified charges.  “As we know the US, especially on combatting terrorism, can arrest anyone with no charges and detain them for weeks. We believe legal action would not be effective for her freedom,” Payman Jabali told reporters in Tehran.  “We call on the US to explain her charges,” he said. “This is a scandal for so-called US democracy.”  Jabali said she may have been targeted over documentaries she made about US activities in the Middle East, Islamophobia and other issues.  The broadcaster said Hashemi, a Muslim convert who changed her name from Melanie Franklin, had been visiting “her ill brother and other family members”.  Jabali said all she had been offered to eat was pork, religiously forbidden for Muslims.  He said her son, Reza Hashemi, had also been arrested but was not in detention while he awaited trial.  
  House Democrat leaders are attempting to blunt efforts to censure Rep. Steve King (R-IA) over racially-charged remarks due to worries that it could establish a “dangerous precedent” for policing the speech of congressional lawmakers, a Wednesday report says.  The Washington Post reports:      House Majority Whip James E. Clyburn (D-S.C.), who introduced the disapproval measure that passed Tuesday, noted that King made his statements to the news media, not during House proceedings, and said he is speaking to Rush and Ryan about averting a censure vote.  “I don’t know that it’s a good thing for us to talk about censure for things that are done outside of the business of the House of Representatives,” said Clyburn, the highest-ranking African American congressional leader. “We should be very, very careful about doing anything that constrains, or seems to constrain, speech.”  By doing so, you “open the window for anybody to attack speech, no matter if it’s Democrats or Republicans,” he added in a subsequent interview.    Read the rest of the article here.     
  Job Creators Network President Alfredo Ortiz said during a press conference on Wednesday that they have “grave concern” over Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) bill to establish a $15 per hour minimum wage, suggesting that it would crush small businesses and cut entry-level jobs for many Americans.  Sen. Sanders, along with Rep. Bobby Scott (D-VA), introduced the Raise the Wage Act, which would raise the federal minimum wage to $15 per hour by 2024 and index the minimum wage to median wage growth.  Sanders said in a statement on Wednesday:      Just a few short years ago, we were told that raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour was ‘radical.’ But a grassroots movement of millions of workers throughout this country refused to take ‘no’ for an answer. It is not a radical idea to say a job should lift you out of poverty, not keep you in it. The current $7.25 an hour federal minimum wage is a starvation wage. It must be increased to a living wage of $15 an hour.  The Senate version has the backing of 31 Democrat senators, while the House version has 181 lawmakers co-sponsoring the bill, including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA).  Ortiz said that he and his organization have “grave concern” over what Sander’s bill will do to small businesses.  The Job Creators Network executive said that most hourly workers already make more than the minimum wage, making Sanders’ legislation unnecessary.    Ortiz explained:  If you look at hourly wages as a whole, there are about 80 million hourly workers in the United States, there are only 221,000 of that population over the age of 25 making the federal minimum wage. That’s roughly three-tenths of one percent of that overall population. Ninety-nine percent of the hourly population make more than the federal minimum wage and even if you look at the subset amongst teenagers as well. There are about 4.6 million  hourly workers aged 16-19 in the workforce and only 172,000 actually make the federal minimum wage so that’s just under four percent.  So again, to put it into context just under 96 percent of teenagers make over the federal minimum wage.  Ortiz said during a press release this week that a University of Washington study found that in Seattle, which established a $15 minimum wage,  workers’ hourly salary was lowered by $125 per month.  “Employers who can’t absorb the additional labor cost have no choice but to reduce hours for employees,” said Ortiz. “It was very predictable, and the same thing will happen on a national scale if this bill passes.”  Susan Kochevar, the owner of 88 Drive-In Theatre in Commerce City, Colorado, said that Sander’s minimum wage bill will devastate small businesses.  “Sen. Sanders’ bill to raise the minimum wage to $15 will significantly raise labor costs,” Kochevar said.  Meanwhile, wages have risen during President Donald Trump’s administration at the fastest rate since 2008.              Sean Moran is a congressional reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @SeanMoran3.              
  Dubai (AFP) – Iran finished top of their Asian Cup group on Wednesday after a hard-fought but goalless draw with arch-rivals Iraq at a packed Al Maktoum Stadium in Dubai.  The latest instalment in one of football’s great rivalries began at a frenetic pace as the two teams reprised their classic 2015 quarter-final, won by Iraq on penalties after a 3-3 draw.      But a raw and uncompromising first half in front of a baying crowd gave way to a more tactical second period as both teams slowed down and probed for opportunities — and Iraq nearly snatched a late winner.  The 0-0 result meant that Iran, Carlos Queiroz’s three-time winners, finished top of Group D on goal difference after their 5-0 thrashing of Yemen and 2-0 win over Vietnam.  “I’m a little bit tired after that,” smiled Queiroz. “It was intense, it was enthusiastic, it was played in a good spirit.”    Iran welcomed back Brighton’s Alireza Jahanbakhsh, last season’s Eredivisie top-scorer, from injury as they looked to go unbeaten for a 20th straight game at the group stage.  And in a physical first half played in deafening noise, Iran, Asia’s top-ranked side, were largely on top but couldn’t make their advantage count.  As the challenges flew in, Jahanbakhsh and Iraq’s Safaa Hadi both wiped away blood, and Iranian midfielder Saman Ghoddos was lucky not to see red for a stamp.  – ‘We’ll be ready’ –  Iran’s Sardar Azmoun came close with a header, Ghoddos saw a powerful drive deflected away and Jahanbakhsh fizzed one over on the rebound. Iran also strongly claimed a penalty when Hadi handled accidentally.    At the other end, Ahmed Yasin’s low shot was just off target and 18-year-old forward Mohanad Ali, scorer of a brilliant solo goal against Yemen, glanced a header wide.  Jahanbakhsh withdrew just after the hour-mark and Iraq’s Ali followed shortly afterwards, following a final attempt which the teenager drove straight down the throat of goalkeeper Alireza Beiranvand.  It looked like both sides were happy to settle for a draw before Iraq’s Humam Tariq swung a cross to substitute forward Alaa Abbas, whose header was acrobatically palmed away by Beiranvand.  However, clear-cut chances were scant in the second half as the former war-time foes saved their energies for the bigger challenges to come in the knockout phase.  In the round of 16, Iran will play one of the third-placed teams while Iraq, the 2007 champions, are lined up to face either Qatar or three-time winners Saudi Arabia.  “It doesn’t matter who we play, Qatar or Saudi Arabia — we’ll be ready,” said Iraq coach Srecko Katanec.  Vietnam finished third in the group as they eased past war-torn Yemen 2-0 for their first points, after a brilliant Nguyen Quang Hai free-kick and a penalty from Que Ngoc Hai.  
  Bressuire (France) (AFP) – Thousands of kilometres from the bright lights of Melbourne and the stars on display at the Australian Open, the “scourge” of match-fixing in tennis” lower levels is one that France cannot escape.  An evil that gnaws away at the lower echelons of the professional game, the western French town of Bressuire, host to an ITF Futures event this week, found itself caught up in the sport’s latest controversy following the arrest of two would-be participants.      “Of course we speak about Bressuire a bit more now,” says a disgruntled volunteer who works at the tennis club in this town of around 20,000 residents, south-east of Nantes.  Two Frenchmen, aged 21 and 25, were detained Tuesday as part of a Belgian investigation. They had been due to compete in the doubles, and are suspected of taking “money in exchange for losing a set” at certain events between 2015 and 2018, according to French sports daily L’Equipe.   It’s a depressing, yet all too regular occurrence in a sport where elite players are handsomely paid but those in the lower echelons of the game can struggle to make ends meet.    Last year, the Independent Review Panel detailed a “tsunami” of match-fixing plaguing lower-level events, while Spanish police last week dismantled a gang that allegedly fixed professional matches, detaining 15 people and probing 68 others including players, following an official complaint by the Tennis Integrity Unit (TIU).  – No surrender –  “You must not throw in the towel, and continue to act against this problem which we know cannot be solved by just one country,” French Tennis Federation (FFT) managing director Jean-Francois Vilotte told AFP.  “The fact there have been arrests shows that our alert systems work. But it’s never good news to learn than two Frenchmen have been arrested.”  Unsurprisingly the affair is on everyone’s lips around the courts in Bressuire.    “We, as tournament directors, are not comfortable with that. It’s now two, three years that it’s been worrying us. It’s true that it’s a scourge,” said Pierre-Jean Drouillard, co-director of the Bressuire event.  Such tournaments are overseen by volunteers and winners pocket roughly 1,500 euros ($1,711), a world away from the 4,100,000 Australian dollars ($2.95 million) the men’s and women’s singles champions will take home in Melbourne.  An environment largely for younger players starting out before reaching the main ATP tour, Futures event participants are typically ranked anywhere between 250 and 500 in the world, something akin to a Grand Slam qualifying field.  “At this level, if they’re not helped, these players lose money each year,” said a Bressuire club director, highlighting their vulnerability to nefarious betting rings.  – Banished court-siders undeterred –    “Lots of players tell us they know other players who have been approached to lose a set for money, but they find it difficult to talk about it,” said Drouillard. No player as yet has come to talk about it in Bressuire. “They’re definitely afraid.”  The FFT is trying to stem the problem. “It’s a concern to us and we’re dealing with it,” said vice-president Alain Moreau.  “We’re putting in place domestic rules limiting the use of mobile phones on courts, we have introduced badges for these tournaments, with areas reserved for players so they can’t be approached or harassed.”  Yet “court-siders”, who transmit real-time match updates to gambling syndicates, often quicker than TV or betting companies receive the data, proliferate the stands at these lesser events.  Not necessarily discrete and often foreigners “coming from countries from the East”, according to a club official, these cunning operators can enable gamblers to get an edge over their rivals.  “They’re on their phones all the time and sending information. Since the start of the week we have spotted and chucked out seven of them, but they come back, we can’t ban them,” explained Moreau.  
  London (AFP) – England pace bowler Olly Stone will miss the tour of the West Indies after suffering a back injury.  Stone has been hampered by stiffness in his lower left back since taking part in a practice session on Sunday.      The 25-year-old went for scans in Barbados that confirmed the extent of the injury was serious enough to rule him out of the Tests against the West Indies.  Stone had hoped to make his Test debut in the three-match series, but the Warwickshire seamer will have to wait for his maiden five-day appearance.  “Following the result of scans, Olly Stone has sustained a bone stress injury to the left lower back. He will return home from the Caribbean later this week and have further tests in the UK,” a statement from the England and Wales Cricket Board said on Wednesday.    Stone impressed with his speed and hostility during four appearances in England’s one-day series win against Sri Lanka in October.  But the back problem is the latest injury blow for Stone, who saw his promising career interrupted for 18 months with an anterior cruciate ligament problem.  He has been restricted to just 34 first-class matches since debuting in 2012.  Ashley Giles, previously director of cricket at Warwickshire and recently appointed to the equivalent role with the ECB, warned selectors last year not to work Stone too hard.  He described the player as a “Ferrari” and cautioned against his over-use.  England have yet to name a replacement but the likes of Jamie Overton, Jamie Porter and Mark Wood are likely to come under consideration by selectors.  
  HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — Zimbabwe police armed with AK-47 rifles detained a prominent activist and pastor on Wednesday, part of more than 600 arrests, in a harsh crackdown over protests against dramatic fuel price hikes in the economically shattered country. A doctors’ group said it had treated more than 60 gunshot wounds in a “human rights crisis.”  State security minister Owen Ncube announced the arrests on television and thanked security forces for “standing firm” in the face of the country’s most serious unrest since deadly post-election violence in August.      While some hungry Harare residents reported being tear-gassed by police when they ventured out for bread, President Emmerson Mnangagwa denounced what he called “wanton violence and cynical destruction.” He noted a right to protest and said he understands the “pain and frustration,” but he appeared to side with authorities who blame the opposition for unrest.  Pastor Evan Mawarire was clutching a Bible when police bundled him into their car in the capital. He famously organized what became nationwide anti-government protests in 2016 against mismanagement and then-President Robert Mugabe’s long stay in power.  “They are alleging that he incited violence through Twitter and other forms of social media,” said Beatrice Mtetwa, the pastor’s lawyer.    There were widespread reports of violence as Zimbabwe faced a third day of protests over what has become the world’s most expensive gasoline.  The country’s largest telecom company, Econet, told customers the government forced it to shut down internet service. “The matter is beyond our control,” it said. Service returned hours later but social media was blocked.  In a grim recounting of alleged police violence, the Zimbabwe Association of Doctors for Human Rights said late Wednesday it had treated 68 cases of gunshot wounds and 100-plus other cases of “assaults with sharp objects, booted feet, baton sticks” and more. It noted bites from the alleged unleashing of police dogs, and the “dragging of patients with life-threatening conditions” to court.  Armed police and soldiers broke up groups of more than five people in Harare, while desperation for food forced some people to venture into the streets. But virtually all shops were closed.  Police fired tear gas after a crowd tried to overrun a shopping center that opened to sell bread. Soldiers with AK-47s took charge of the long line.    “This kind of life is unbearable, we have soldiers at fuel queues and now soldiers again are controlling the bread queue,” one man said. “Are we at war?” He spoke on condition of anonymity out of concern about possible retaliation.  A spokesman for the main opposition MDC party, Nkululeko Sibanda, said in a Twitter post that “party leadership” had been detained. “This is only deepening the political crisis,” he said.  As Mnangagwa makes an extended overseas trip that will include a stop at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, to plead for more foreign investment, former military commander and Vice President Constantino Chiwenga, a hardliner, is in charge at home.  Reported death tolls this week have varied. Eight people were killed on Monday when police and military fired on crowds, Amnesty International said. Zimbabwe’s government said three people were killed, including a policeman stoned to death by an angry crowd.  The demonstrations amount to “terrorism,” Information Minister Monica Mutsvangwa has said, blaming the opposition.    International concern has been rising over Zimbabwe in recent months after a burst of optimism when Mugabe stepped down in late 2017 under military pressure.  “We hope that people are able to demonstrate peacefully and freely,” said United Nations spokesman Stephane Dujarric.  The British minister for Africa, Harriett Baldwin, has noted “worrying levels of violence” and urged restraint by security forces. But South Africa’s foreign ministry said in a statement that “we’re confident measures being taken by the Zimbabwean government will resolve the situation.”  Zimbabweans in neighboring South Africa protested outside their embassy. Tino Mambeu called the arrest of Mawarire, the pastor, “madness, thus absolute rubbish.”  ___  Associated Press video journalist Nqobile Ntshangase in Pretoria, South Africa and writer Edith M. Lederer at the United Nations contributed.  ___  Follow Africa news at https://twitter.com/AP_Africa  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Alabama quarterback Jaylen Hurts announced in a story in The Players’ Tribune that he is transferring to Oklahoma.  Hurts reportedly visited Maryland, Miami and Oklahoma before making his choice.  He will be a graduate transfer, meaning he will be eligible to play immediately with the Sooners.      Hurts had quite the extensive career at Alabama. In 2016, he became the first true freshman to start in 32 years. He led the Crimson Tide to the national championship game that season, when they lost to Clemson.    As a sophomore, Hurts guided Alabama to a 13-1 record and another appearance in the national title game. This time, though, he was removed at halftime by coach Nick Saban in favor of true freshman Tua Tagovailoa.  Hurts never regained the starting job, but did appear in all but two games in 2018. He finished his junior season 51 of 70 passing for 765 yards, including eight touchdowns and two interceptions.  According to a report from ESPN, Auburn, Tennessee, Florida State and Ohio State were among the many interested in Hurts.  
  Police officers in Guatemala fired volleys of tear gas at a group of migrants from Honduras who were trying to force their way into the country. The group is part of a new migrant caravan heading for the U.S. border.  The clash took place at the border between Guatemala and Honduras when hundreds of migrants arrived, seeking easy passage on their way to Mexico, Honduras’ Noti-Bomba reported. A group of migrants refused to wait and began trying to force their way into Guatemala. The move led to a clash with police officers.  In a video published by Noti-Bomba, police can be seen firing volleys of tear gas into the crowd to push back the migrants.         Another video published by the Guatemalan outlet Blanco y Negro Esquipulas Noticias revealed the moment when caravan members and police appear to physically struggle.       Another video shows hundreds of migrant shouting for everyone to calm down as they try to restore the peace while immigration authorities check to see if the migrants have the needed paperwork to enter Guatemala.    The clash comes one day after authorities in Honduras arrested one of the organizers of the caravan over a 2015 warrant on rape charges, Breitbart News reported.  Ildefonso Ortiz is an award-winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. He can be contacted at Iortiz@breitbart.com.      Brandon Darby is the managing director and editor-in-chief of Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart.com.  
  Former New York Giants player Michael Strahan included himself among the many detractors of President Trump’s decision to serve fast food to the Clemson Tigers on Monday.  Strahan invited the team to New York for a “great meal” consisting of caviar and lobster, Columbia, South Carolina’s the State newspaper reported.  The former Giants defensive end made his offer on ABC’s Good Morning America saying the team needs “the proper meal you deserve” and offered to pay for the feast out of his own pocket.        ATTENTION @ClemsonFB: @michaelstrahan has a very important announcement for you! Should we expect to see you in Times Square for lobster AND caviar soon?#QTNA #GMADay https://t.co/W1vUNMab63 pic.twitter.com/fwPlNxERyb  — Good Morning America (@GMA) January 15, 2019
  Gillette’s recent commercial against “toxic masculinity” has reached 700,000 dislikes on YouTube and is quickly approaching the top 50 most disliked YouTube videos of all time after just several days on the platform.  As of writing, the commercial has just over 700,000 dislikes, against just over 300,000 likes.  On Tuesday, the video has 330,000 dislikes, with the number of dislikes more than doubling in just one day.        Currently, the most disliked YouTube video of all time is YouTube Rewind 2018 (15 million dislikes), followed by Justin Bieber’s Baby (10 million dislikes), and Jake Paul’s It’s Everyday Bro (4 million dislikes).  The fiftieth most disliked YouTube video, titled “Roast Yourself Challenge” by Kenia Os, has 900,000 dislikes.    If users continue to dislike Gillette’s commercial, the video could break into the top fifty by the end of this week.  As previously reported, Gillette’s commercial asked viewers, “Is this the best a man can get?” in a twist on the company’s classic tagline, “The best a man can get,” and took on a number of issues, including sexual harassment and bullying, but also masculinity.  At the start of the video, “toxic masculinity” is read out as one of the main negative issues in society, along with “bullying,” and “sexual harassment.”  The commercial received heavy criticism and mockery on social media.    The official Gillette YouTube channel liked a comment on their recent unpopular video saying, "My wife’s son loved this. Thank you!" pic.twitter.com/WgbW75BkNi  — Charlie Nash (@MrNashington) January 14, 2019
  Paris (AFP) – Having hogged the headlines throughout the last Paris men’s fashion week, Louis Vuitton’s streetwear supremo Virgil Abloh attempted to repeat the trick Wednesday by giving the suit and tie a millennial makeover.  Having set Instagram alight by sending out Michael Jackson-style sparkly white gloves as invitations for his Louis Vuitton show Thursday, the American designer took his scissors to the business suit in his own Off-White label show.      With the rappers Offset and Playboi Carti on the catwalk modelling massive puffer coats, and a further posse of hip hop stars on the front row, the only African-American in charge of a big brand set out to prove that there was more to him that street culture.  “I zig while I zag,” the one-time architect, civil engineer, DJ, artist and all-round renaissance man told reporters afterwards.  “If you look at how I am depicted, I am always the streetwear guy, but that is only part of the surface level. In culture you are supposed to lead,” Abloh added.     The show in the courtyard of the Louvre museum was one of the hottest tickets of the week. Set in an overgrown post-industrial wilderness, a gentle waft of hashish floated on the air.  As well as his reimagined “authoritarian business suits” inspired by television newscasters from Abloh’s youth in the “time before Instagram”, several of his models wore American football helmets.  Abloh — whose magpie imagination has set fashion alight in recent years — also treated his 3.4 million social media followers to a preview of his new jewellery line, inspired by the humble paper clip.  – Ode to Michael Jackson –  He also wrote a poem for his Jackson-inspired Vuitton show, his first “outside of a high-school homework assignment a million years ago”, the 38-year-old said.     With his friend, former collaborator and fellow black American Heron Preston kicking off Paris fashion week, Abloh told reporters that it sometimes felt that their moment had come.  Both are close to the rapper Kanye West, who long dreamed of leading a major fashion label himself before Abloh got their first by taking the helm at Vuitton last year.  Abloh will be subject of a major retrospective exhibition at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago in June.  Elsewhere on the second day of the Paris men’s shows, black was also the dominant colour on the autumn-winter catwalks, with Givenchy, Valentino and OAMC all opting for a relatively sombre palate.  One of the big exceptions was the Japanese youth label Undercover, whose designer Jun Takahashi mixed ski wear, Venetian ball masks and the swagger of Highland Jacobite rebels with plumed bonnets in his show.   But it was Belgian maverick Walter Van Beirendonck who really turned up the chromatic temperature with his fabulously multi-coloured acid-trip looks that seemed to have escaped from an alien anthropological museum.  His sharks’ teeth sneakers were also clear winners of the day’s snappiest shoes.  Another Flemish legend Raf Simons rounded the day off, with his first show since he parted ways with New York brand Calvin Klein last month.  
  Melbourne (AFP) – Seven-time champion Serena Williams swings back into Australian Open action Thursday against Eugenie Bouchard while six-time winner Novak Djokovic turns back the clock in a clash with Jo-Wilfried Tsonga.  In her first tour match since losing an US Open final mired in controversy, Williams delivered an ominous warning in a 49-minute opening round thrashing here of Tatjana Maria.      Next in the firing line is Canadian Bouchard. They have met twice before, but not since 2014, with the American winning both times.   Williams, who is bidding to match Margaret Court’s record of 24 Grand Slam crowns on her first return to Melbourne Park since winning in 2017, cited her consistency and few unforced errors as key takeaways from her first round outing.  Despite 2014 Wimbledon finalist Bouchard slipping down the rankings to 79, she said she was not taking her lightly.    “It will be a great match. She plays really well. She does everything well, and I really like that she doesn’t quit,” she said of the popular Canadian, who she meets on Rod Laver Arena in a night match.  “You know, people write her off, and she doesn’t let that bother her. She continues to fight and do what she needs to do. I think that’s really good.”  Djokovic, gunning for a record seventh title, has a fairytale meeting with Frenchman Tsonga in a rematch of their 2008 final that the Serb won.  “It’s funny. I mean, 11 years after our first Grand Slam final here, it feels like a lot has happened for both of us,” said Djokovic.  “He also struggled with injuries lately. It’s good to see him playing well. It’s good to see him back.”  World number one Simona Halep, who narrowly survived a three-set first-round scare, tries to get her tournament back on track against American Sofia Kenin, who won the warm-up Hobart International.  “I have no expectations because I’m not at the highest level,” said the Romanian, who is returning from injury. “But I’m motivated.”  Venus Williams is also in action as she looks to re-live past glories, taking on France’s Alize Cornet, while fourth seed and US Open champion Naomi Osaka has a clash with Slovenia’s Tamara Zidansek.  Men’s fourth seed Alexander Zverev, who beat Djokovic to win the ATP Finals at the end of last season, takes on Jeremy Chardy, a Melbourne quarter-finalist in 2013.   
  Qamishli (Syria) (AFP) – A suicide attack killed four US personnel in northern Syria Wednesday, costing Washington its worst combat losses in the war-torn country since 2014 as it prepares to withdraw.  The bombing, claimed by the Islamic State group, comes after US President Donald Trump’s shock announcement last month that he was ordering a full troop withdrawal from Syria because the jihadists had been “largely defeated”.      The Pentagon said “two US servicemembers, one Department of Defense (DoD) civilian and one contractor supporting DoD were killed and three servicemembers were injured while conducting a local engagement in Manbij”.  “Initial reports indicate an explosion caused the casualties, and the incident is under investigation,” it said, adding that the names of the dead were being withheld until 24 hours after their families were informed.   The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights earlier said two Americans soldiers, nine Syrian civilians, and five US-backed fighters were killed in the attack on a restaurant in the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border.    Rubble littered the outside of the eatery in the city centre and its facade was blackened by the blast, footage from a Kurdish news agency showed.  According to Pentagon statistics, Wednesday’s blast was the deadliest attack for US anti-IS forces in Syria since they deployed in 2014.  The US Department of Defense has previously only reported two American personnel killed in combat in Syria, in separate incidents.  The Britain-based Observatory, which relies on a network of sources in Syria, said it was the first suicide attack in the city in 10 months.  – ‘Security zone’ –    Addressing a gathering of US ambassadors in Washington, Vice President Mike Pence did not comment on the attack, saying only that the United States would ensure the defeat of IS, also known as ISIS.  “We’ll stay in the region and we’ll stay in the fight to ensure that ISIS does not rear its ugly head again,” he said.    The bombing comes as Syrian Kurds present in areas around Manbij rejected any Turkish presence in a planned “safe zone” to include Kurdish-held areas along the frontier.  Turkey has repeatedly threatened to attack Washington’s Syrian Kurdish allies, who Ankara views as “terrorists” on its southern flank.  Washington, which has relied heavily on the Kurds in its campaign against IS in Syria, has sought guarantees for their safety since Trump’s pullout announcement.    On Tuesday, Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Ankara would set up a “security zone” in northern Syria following a suggestion by Trump.  But senior Syrian Kurdish political leader Aldar Khalil said any Turkish deployment in Kurdish-held areas was “unacceptable”.  He said the Kurds would accept the deployment of UN forces along a separation line between Kurdish fighters and Turkish troops.  But “other choices are unacceptable as they infringe on the sovereignty of Syria and the sovereignty of our autonomous region,” Khalil told AFP.  The Kurdish People’s Protection Units (YPG) have been a key US ally in the fight against IS.  They have taken heavy losses in a campaign now nearing its conclusion, with the jihadists confined to an ever-shrinking enclave of just 15 square kilometres (under six square miles).  But the jihadists have continued to claim attacks nationwide and abroad.  Ankara has welcomed Washington’s planned withdrawal of some 2,000 US troops from Syria, but the future of Kurdish fighters has poisoned relations between the NATO allies.  On Monday, Erdogan and Trump had a telephone conversation to ease tensions after the US leader threatened to “devastate” Turkey’s economy if Ankara attacked Kurdish forces in Syria, and called for a “safe zone”.  – No ‘outside interference’ –  Erdogan said he and Trump had a “quite positive” conversation in which they spoke of “a 20-mile (30 kilometre) security zone along the Syrian border… set up by us”.  The YPG-led forces fighting IS in a statement said they would provide “necessary support to set up the safe zone” — if it came with international guarantees to “prevent any outside interference”, in an apparent reference to Turkey.  The Turkish army has launched two major operations in Syria in recent years.   In the latest, Turkish troops and their Syrian rebel allies seized the northwestern enclave of Afrin from the Kurds last year.  Critics have accused Turkish troops and their proxies of military occupation and abuses in Syrian sovereign territory.  But while Ankara has spoken of a YPG-free “security zone” under its control, analyst Mutlu Civiroglu said it was not immediately clear what the US president meant by a “safe zone”, or who he thought would patrol it.  Analysts were “waiting for a clarification from Washington to see what the president really meant”, he told AFP.  The US planned withdrawal has sent the Kurds scrambling to seek a new ally in Damascus, which has long rejected Kurdish self-rule.  With military backing from Russia since 2015, Syria’s regime has advanced against jihadists and rebels, and now controls almost two-thirds of the country.  A northwestern enclave held by jihadists and pockets held by Turkish troops and their allies remain beyond its reach, along with the much larger Kurdish region.  On Wednesday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the Syrian government must take control of the north.  dls-burs/del/par  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — The MBDA Missile Systems’ medium-range missile was successfully deployed in Mali by the French Army for the first time, the company announced.  The Picardy Battle Group used the missile, called the Missile Moyenne Portée, or MMP, for the first time in a combat environment in December, MBDA announced Wednesday.      A six-person crew delivered the system by armored car, then installed it at the top of a ridge in southeastern Mali’s three-border region and successfully fired it, MBDA said in a statement.    With a range of nearly three miles, the missile can be used as an anti-personnel and anti-tank weapon. It is also regarded as an “anti-infrastructure” missile, useful in the Sahelo-Saharan Strip, where the some rock faces are sometimes used as shelter by terrorist groups.  “To switch from anti-personnel missile to infrastructure missile mode, I just go to the MMP drop-down menu and select the relevant box,” the leader of the crew, identified as Sgt. Nicholas, said in explanation of its ease-of-use.  “The core of the system is located in the missile, so once the round is launched, my gunner sees in his scope what the missile sees. He can change the target at any time, thanks to the fiber-optic data link to the console. The missile is equipped with a camera with day and night vision of outstanding quality,” Nicholas said.  MBDA, a pan-European defense contractor headquartered in suburban Paris, successfully tested the naval version of the weapon in Djibouti in November. High-speed, rigid-hull inflatable boats were used in the demonstrations.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Spanish rescuers are drilling a 260-foot long horizontal tunnel into the side of a mountain to reach a toddler who’s been trapped for three days.  It will take workers about 48 hours to complete the drilling, and then they’d have to connect it with the bottom of the well where the 2-year-old boy, named Julen, is located, Diario Sur reported.      Authorities told El Pais rescuers are also working on drilling a vertical tunnel running parallel to the shaft.  Rescue workers have compared the width of the well to “the bottom of a frying pan.” They are lowering a robot, two cameras, and vacuum and air equipment, El Pais reported. About 100 rescuers are working to reach the boy.  Wednesday, authorities found traces of DNA in the soil near the water well, eliminating questions about whether a child could’ve fallen into it. It measures about 10 inches wide and is 360 feet deep.    Officials said there’s one obstacle — an obstruction 256 feet down, apparently caused by earth that caved in when the child fell in Sunday.  Rescue efforts slowed Monday after equipment became stuck in the well. Rescuers, including teams of miners and heavy machine operators, are concerned the well could collapse.  The boy’s father, Jose Rosello, said his family visited the area over the weekend to inaugurate land where a relative is planning to build a home. The boy fell as Rosello was gathering fire wood.  “My cousin, who was closer, followed him and started to cry ‘the child, the child’ as she was afraid he would stumble,” Rosello said.  The father said he immediately pulled stones from the area to prevent them from falling into the well. He also said his wife has been “broken” by the accident. News reports said the family lost another child, a 3-year old boy, to a heart attack in 2017.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Scientists have for the first time triggered quantum structures long-predicted by cosmologists.  Researchers at Aalto University in Denmark observed “walls bound by strings” in superfluid helium-3. The breakthrough could allows scientists to better understand what the universe looked like in its earliest days, as it quickly cooled in the wake of the Big Bang.      Helium is unique in it’s ability to remain a fluid even at cryogenic temperatures. When supercooled, helium becomes a superfluid, which means it boasts zero viscosity. Superfluids can flow forever without losing energy.    When trapped inside a nanostructure, superfluid phases of the isotope helium-3 can help scientists study unusual quantum structures called half-quantum vortices. The movement of helium inside these vortices is dictated by quantum physics.  “We initially thought that the half-quantum vortices would disappear when we lowered the temperature,” lead researcher Jere Mäkinen, a doctoral student at Aalto University, said in a news release. “It turns out that they [half-quantum vortices] actually survive as the helium-3 sample is cooled below half a millikelvin — instead a non-topological wall appears.”  The wall isn’t physical, so it doesn’t block the flow of helium, but it does alter the helium’s magnetic properties — an alteration scientists measured using nuclear magnetic resonance.  Some cosmologists theorize the early universe experienced symmetry-breaking phase changes similar to those observed by Mäkinen and his colleagues. As the universe suddenly expanded, quantum structures like domain walls and quantum vortices became frozen in place. By studying the quantum characteristics of superfluids, scientists can gain insights into how these unique structures may have influenced the formation and evolution of the early universe.  Researchers think their analysis of half-quantum vortices — published this week in the journal Nature Communications — could also inspire new quantum computing technologies.  “While liquid helium-3 would be too hard and expensive to maintain as a material for a working computer, it give us a working model to study phenomena that could be used in more accessible future materials,” Mäkinen said.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — By analyzing the chemical composition of jellyfish caught across a sizable swath of the Atlantic, scientists can map important differences among an array of marine habitats.  The analysis technique could offer important insights to ecologists and conservationists — a new tool for protecting the health of important fisheries.      According to a new study published this week in the journal Methods in Ecology and Evolution, chemical signals measured in jellyfish reflect the chemistry, biology and physical processes unique to the region where they were caught.    “The chemical differences detected in the jellyfish are also present in other animals throughout the food chain, like seabirds, seals and fishes,” Katie St. John Glew, researcher at the University of Southampton, said in a news release. “This means that we can measure the same signals in, for example feathers from seabirds or fresh fish fillets, then match them back to the jellyfish map and work out where the birds have been feeding or where the fish was most likely caught.”  Chemical maps built by surveying jellyfish can help scientists track the movements of important species and gauge the health of regional food chains. Building a geographical database of chemical signals measured in jellyfish could also help track the origin of commercial seafood and identify instances of fraud. Similar chemical fingerprinting methods are used to track the authenticity of land-based foods.  “In our changing political climate, it is likely that the authorities will need new ways to manage our waters so it will be critical to have a better understanding our local marine environment and those animals that live within it,” said Southampton researcher Clive Trueman. “Being able to verify where seafood products have been caught may also become essential for protecting our fisheries and combating food fraud in a future with more borders, boundaries and regulations.”  Scientists have previously used free-floating DNA to map biological activity in marine waters, as well as a variety of mapping techniques to identify conservation priorities.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Scientists have for the first time triggered quantum structures long-predicted by cosmologists.  Researchers at Aalto University in Denmark observed “walls bound by strings” in superfluid helium-3. The breakthrough could allows scientists to better understand what the universe looked like in its earliest days, as it quickly cooled in the wake of the Big Bang.      Helium is unique in it’s ability to remain a fluid even at cryogenic temperatures. When supercooled, helium becomes a superfluid, which means it boasts zero viscosity. Superfluids can flow forever without losing energy.    When trapped inside a nanostructure, superfluid phases of the isotope helium-3 can help scientists study unusual quantum structures called half-quantum vortices. The movement of helium inside these vortices is dictated by quantum physics.  “We initially thought that the half-quantum vortices would disappear when we lowered the temperature,” lead researcher Jere Mäkinen, a doctoral student at Aalto University, said in a news release. “It turns out that they [half-quantum vortices] actually survive as the helium-3 sample is cooled below half a millikelvin — instead a non-topological wall appears.”  The wall isn’t physical, so it doesn’t block the flow of helium, but it does alter the helium’s magnetic properties — an alteration scientists measured using nuclear magnetic resonance.  Some cosmologists theorize the early universe experienced symmetry-breaking phase changes similar to those observed by Mäkinen and his colleagues. As the universe suddenly expanded, quantum structures like domain walls and quantum vortices became frozen in place. By studying the quantum characteristics of superfluids, scientists can gain insights into how these unique structures may have influenced the formation and evolution of the early universe.  Researchers think their analysis of half-quantum vortices — published this week in the journal Nature Communications — could also inspire new quantum computing technologies.  “While liquid helium-3 would be too hard and expensive to maintain as a material for a working computer, it give us a working model to study phenomena that could be used in more accessible future materials,” Mäkinen said.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — The MBDA Missile Systems’ medium-range missile was successfully deployed in Mali by the French Army for the first time, the company announced.  The Picardy Battle Group used the missile, called the Missile Moyenne Portée, or MMP, for the first time in a combat environment in December, MBDA announced Wednesday.      A six-person crew delivered the system by armored car, then installed it at the top of a ridge in southeastern Mali’s three-border region and successfully fired it, MBDA said in a statement.    With a range of nearly three miles, the missile can be used as an anti-personnel and anti-tank weapon. It is also regarded as an “anti-infrastructure” missile, useful in the Sahelo-Saharan Strip, where the some rock faces are sometimes used as shelter by terrorist groups.  “To switch from anti-personnel missile to infrastructure missile mode, I just go to the MMP drop-down menu and select the relevant box,” the leader of the crew, identified as Sgt. Nicholas, said in explanation of its ease-of-use.  “The core of the system is located in the missile, so once the round is launched, my gunner sees in his scope what the missile sees. He can change the target at any time, thanks to the fiber-optic data link to the console. The missile is equipped with a camera with day and night vision of outstanding quality,” Nicholas said.  MBDA, a pan-European defense contractor headquartered in suburban Paris, successfully tested the naval version of the weapon in Djibouti in November. High-speed, rigid-hull inflatable boats were used in the demonstrations.  
  MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) — Democrat Julian Castro, in the early primary state of New Hampshire for the first time as a presidential candidate, told voters on Wednesday that he believes “everyone counts” and accused the Trump administration of “picking and choosing” who has chances to succeed.  The 44-year-old former housing chief during the Obama administration spoke at the “Politics & Eggs” event at Saint Anselm College four days after he kicked off his campaign in his hometown of San Antonio. In between, he squeezed in a campaign trip to Puerto Rico.      Castro said he visited the U.S. territory “because I want every single American to know that everyone counts.”  He said that “if we’ve faced any crisis over these last two years, it’s that we have an administration that doesn’t believe that, that is picking and choosing who gets opportunity and who doesn’t, based on what you look like, based on your faith, based on how long you’ve been in this country. We need to get back to an America where everyone counts.”  As San Antonio mayor, Castro pushed through a sales tax increase to pay for prekindergarten programs, an accomplishment he cited in New Hampshire, which has prided itself on having neither a sales nor income tax and has only recently begun providing significant state money for full-day kindergarten.    Castro drew applause when he promised to enact universal preschool as president and said he would work toward tuition-free college degrees, apprenticeships and certificates.  Castro expressed support for a higher minimum wage and a comprehensive immigration overhaul that includes a path to citizenship for those living in the country illegally.  He also supports a Medicare-for-all health care system but offered no specifics when asked by an audience member how he would pay for it. He said those details would come later but probably would involve looking at how to reduce costs within the health care system.  Castro later told reporters that he also will review tax provisions that benefit the wealthy and corporations.  Castro is part of what is becoming a crowded field for the Democratic nomination. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York launched her exploratory committee Tuesday, and the field could grow to more than a dozen candidates.    Castro, who could end up being the only Latino candidate, said he often gets asked whether he believes that largely white Iowa and New Hampshire should remain first in the nominating calendar.  “Do I wish in the first two states we had more diversity in those states? Yeah, I do. However, the thing I do appreciate about Iowa and New Hampshire is that people take politics and policy very seriously, and these are relative small states as far as states go, so you can actually meet people one on one and get to know them,” he said.  Castro later stopped by a few businesses in downtown Laconia and sat down with staff and volunteers at Navigating Recovery, which provides mentors to people recovering from drug addiction and helps them with housing, employment and other challenges. There, he spent more time asking questions about their work than introducing himself, saying he hopes the federal government will remain a strong partner in the state’s efforts to bring down one of the nation’s highest opioid overdose rates.  Jim Ransom, a customer at a jewelry shop Castro visited, said he had seen the news of Castro’s announcement on TV but didn’t know anything about him.  “I don’t know nothing about any of them yet, but I know I want to get rid of the one we have,” he said, referring to President Donald Trump. Asked what he is looking for in a president, the Democrat from Alexandria said, “To begin with, someone who’s not so rude.”  Castro got a much warmer welcome from Carlos Cardona, a Democratic candidate for the state Legislature and owner of a marketing firm. Cardona, who grew up in Puerto Rico and lives in Laconia, said he was impressed that Castro visited both during his first days as a candidate.  “He’s made it clear to me that Laconia is super important, that young people are important to him and that diversity is important,” said Cardona, 29. “As a young gay man and Latino, it’s important to me that we have representation in every corner of public government and he’s on the right track.”  
  WASHINGTON (AP) — A suicide bombing claimed by the Islamic State killed two U.S. soldiers and two American citizens in northern Syria Wednesday, less than a month after President Donald Trump declared he was pulling U.S. forces and that IS had been defeated.  The attack, which also wounded three U.S. service members along with other people in the strategic northeastern town of Manbij, complicates what had already become a messy withdrawal plan, with Trump’s senior advisers disagreeing with the decision and then offering an evolving timetable for the removal of the approximately 2,000 U.S. troops. And it underscores Pentagon assertions that the Islamic State is still a threat capable of deadly attacks.      As many as 16 were killed, including a number of fighters with the Syrian Democratic Forces, who have fought alongside the Americans against the Islamic State, according to officials and the U.K.-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.    U.S. Central Command said one of the civilians was employed by the Defense Department and the other was a contractor. The names of the American victims were being withheld until their families could be notified.  Vice President Mike Pence repeated Trump’s claims about the Islamic State Wednesday, saying the “caliphate has crumbled” and the militant network “has been defeated.” His comments in a speech at the State Department came shortly after the U.S. military announced that American soldiers were among those killed in Manbij.  
  A survey released on Tuesday found that a third of United Nations employees claim to have suffered sexual harassment or other sexual misconduct on the job in the last two years.  The survey, carried out by Deloitte last November, found that 21.7 percent of respondents claimed they heard sexual stories or offensive jokes, 14.2 percent say they were insulted about their appearance, body or sexual activities, and a further 13 percent were pressured to join discussions on sexual matters.  Another 10.9 percent of people claimed they were exposed to gestures or body language of a sexual nature, while 10.1 percent percent claimed they were touched inappropriately or in ways that made them feel uncomfortable.      More than half of the incidents reportedly took place within an office environment, while 17.1 percent say it happened at a work-related social event. According to the survey, two out of three every harassers were male.    In a letter to U.N. staff, the body’s secretary general Antonio Guterres described the findings “some sobering statistics and evidence of what needs to change to make a harassment-free workplace real for all of us.”  “This tells me two things: first, that we still have a long way to go before we are able to fully and openly discuss sexual harassment; and second, that there may also be an ongoing sense of mistrust, perceptions of inaction and lack of accountability,” he said.“As an organization founded on equality, dignity and human rights, we must lead by example and set the standard.”  However, Guterres contended that the survey sample size was “moderately low,” with responses from around 30,364 people from the U.N. and its agencies, equivalent to around 17 percent of those eligible.  The report provides further bad publicity for an organization that has already dealt with damaging misconduct allegations by its employees. In 2016, the body launched a “get-tough agenda” in response to a wave of allegations of child rape and sexual exploitation by U.N. peacekeeping troops, particularly within the war-stricken Central African Republic.  Last month, it was announced that the head of the U.N. agency for HIV and AIDS, Michel Sidibe, will step down from his position in June after a scathing report by an independent panel concluded that his “defective leadership” had tolerated “a culture of harassment, including sexual harassment, bullying, and abuse of power.”  Follow Ben Kew on Facebook, Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com.  
  A new Netflix series starring Steve Carrell takes aim at President Trump’s proposed Space Force initiative.  According to Deadline, “The Office star Steve Carell is reuniting with the Emmy-winning series’ developer/executive Greg Daniels for a new workplace comedy at Netflix, which takes on President Donald Trump’s Space Force initiative.”  In the promotional video, Netflix teases the new Space Force series, saying, “On June 18, 2018, the federal government announced the creation of a 6th major division of the United States Armed Forces. The goal of the new branch is ‘to defend satellites from attack’ and ‘perform other space-related tasks.’ Or something.”      “This is the story of the men and women who have to figure it out.”    President Trump has repeatedly touted his plans to create a United States Space Force as a separate branch of the U.S. Armed Forces overseeing American national security interests in outer space.    “It is not enough to merely have an American presence in space, we must have American dominance in space,” Trump said in August.  Carrell recently starred in Vice, a movie that many conservatives criticized for its unfair and inaccurate portrayal of Dick Cheney and his role in the George W. Bush presidency.  However, Carrell has also spoken about the culture of political correctness in Hollywood. In an interview published in October, he said that The Office might be impossible to make now given the ever-changing taboos of the social justice crowd.  “[I]t might be impossible to do that show today and have people accept it the way it was accepted ten years ago. The climate’s different. I mean, the whole idea of that character, Michael Scott, so much of it was predicated on inappropriate behavior. I mean, he’s certainly not a model boss. A lot of what is depicted on that show is completely wrong-minded,” the 56-year-old told Esquire.  The Beautiful Boy actor continued, “That’s the point, you know? But I just don’t know how that would fly now. There’s a very high awareness of offensive things today—which is good, for sure. But at the same time, when you take a character like that too literally, it doesn’t really work.”  
  Sen. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) told Breitbart News in an exclusive statement on Wednesday that Google CEO Sundar Pichai’s congressional testimony was “less than truthful” regarding his statement that Google does not “manually intervene” on any search result.  Breitbart News senior tech reporter Allum Bokhari revealed in an exclusive report on Wednesday that, despite Pichai’s sworn testimony, Google and YouTube use “blacklists” for “controversial YouTube queries” which contain a list of search terms the Silicon Valley giant considers sensitive. In one instance, YouTube downranked pro-life videos from its top ten search results for “abortion.” Further, Bokhari revealed that Google employs “huge teams” dedicated to the manual intervention of its search results, which serves as an apparent contradiction to Pichai’s sworn testimony.  Pichai testified under oath in December before the House Judiciary Committee and assured lawmakers that Google does not “manually intervene on any particular search result.”      Sen. Blackburn previously served in the House as one of the largest critics of Silicon Valley bias and has proposed that Congress rein in social media censorship of conservative and alternative viewpoints. Now, the Tennessee conservative serves on the Senate Judiciary Committee as well as the Senate Commerce Committee, both of which have broad jurisdiction over social media and telecom companies.    Blackburn told Breitbart News that Pichai’s testimony “was less than truthful” and charged that Internet users should know how the company manipulates its algorithms.  “Silicon Valley has a deep-rooted anti-conservative bias. This is not another unfortunate coincidence as Silicon Valley and liberal elites would have us believe.  Rather, it is further evidence of Big Tech employees manipulating their platforms to suppress conservative viewpoints, which is unfair to their users,” Blackburn told Breitbart News. “This is disturbing and suggests Google CEO Sundar Pinchai’s testimony before Congress was less than truthful. The people who use his company’s search engines deserve to know the truth about how the content they see is generated.”  The revelation about Google’s manipulation of its search results arises as President Donald Trump’s Attorney General (AG) nominee William Barr said on Tuesday that he remains interested in “reassessing” or learning more about the Department of Justice’s (DOJ) anti-trust policies.            Sean Moran is a congressional reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @SeanMoran3.            
  “Angel Mom” Agnes Gibboney blasted Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) on Wednesday for a media event earlier in the day in which he and fellow Senate Democrats appeared before press cameras on Capitol Hill with large photographs of furloughed federal workers.    Sen. Schumer is leading delegation of Senators, holding pictures of federal workers affected by shutdown. “President Trump, look at the pain and suffering you are causing.” pic.twitter.com/5vRc1MYuZx  — Ted Johnson (@tedstew) January 16, 2019
  Google has been downranking pro-life videos in abortion-related search results on YouTube, as uncovered as part of manual blacklisting and manipulation of search results uncovered by Breitbart News’Allum Bokhari. Here are just a few of the videos that Google doesn’t want you to see.  Breitbart News recently published yet another leak from within Google, which reveals that YouTube has manually intervened to blacklist pro-life videos in its search results on numerous occasions. The internal leak also revealed that Google often engages in “manual actions” in order to correct controversial search results in their search product, as well as their Google Home and Google Assistant device search results.  In December of 2018, Slate journalist April Glaser wrote an article discussing abortion-related content on YouTube. In the article, Glaser bemoaned the fact that pro-life videos ranked highly in YouTube’s search results and sought to fix this issue, contacting YouTube about it. Glaser claims that a week later the results had been altered by YouTube to feature more pro-abortion content. An excerpt from Glaser’s article can be read below:        If, until recently, you did the same over on Google-owned YouTube, it felt like you were searching in a whole other universe. Before I raised the issue with YouTube late last week, the top search results for “abortion” on the site were almost all anti-abortion—and frequently misleading. One top result was a clip called “LIVE Abortion Video on Display,” which over the course of a gory two minutes shows images of a formed fetus’ tiny feet resting in a pool of blood. Several of the top results featured a doctor named Antony Levatino, including one in which he testified to the House Judiciary Committee that Planned Parenthood was aborting fetuses “the length of your hand plus several inches” in addition to several misleading animations that showed a fetus that looks like a sentient child in the uterus. The eighth result was a video from conservative pundit Ben Shapiro, just above a video of a woman self-narrating a blog titled, “Abortion: My Experience,” with text in the thumbnail that reads, “My Biggest Mistake.” Only two of the top 15 results struck me as not particularly political, and none of the top results focused on providing dispassionate, up-to-date medical information.  I emailed YouTube Friday afternoon asking why anti-abortion videos saturated the search results for “abortion,” and if the platform thought accurate, health-focused information had a place there. By Monday morning, before the company got back to me, the search results had changed to include a number of news outlets among the top results, including a video from Vice about how women trying to get abortions are being stymied by anti-abortion centers that masquerade as clinics. The second video was a clip of former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee describing his anti-abortion philosophy, and the third was a video titled “Speak Out: Abortion Is Not a Human Right.” By the end of this week, the top results (which are dynamic) included a news segment in Tamil, a video in which the director Penny Marshall (who died this week) “Opens Up on Drugs and Her Abortion,” and a clip of an anti-abortion advocate responding to the abortion-legalization law passed in Ireland. Anti-abortion content meant to enrage or provoke viewers was no longer purely dominating the results, though they still looked very different from the generally more sober Google results.    So here is a small selection of the videos that YouTube appears to have manually downranked in search results following Glaser’s emails:  The first video shows Dr. Antony Levatino testifying before the House Judiciary Committee, in her article Glaser appears to be offended that Dr. Levatino claimed that Planned Parenthood was aborting fetuses “the length of your hand plus several inches.”      Another video features a woman speaking about her experience when having an abortion and why she regrets the act:    Another video is titled “LIVE Abortion Video on Display in Washington, DC Jan. 21-22,” and shows the graphic dissection of a human fetus during an abortion:    The majority of these videos appear to be manually downranked by Google in YouTube’s search results, something which Glaser appears to be taking credit for. While Google has repeatedly claimed not to manually manipulate search results, Glaser’s claims combined with the latest internal Google leak appears to show that the company regularly blacklists and whitelists search results based on ideology and other factors.                                                                              Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart.com                                                                              
  Federal prosecutors have launched a criminal investigation of China’s Huawei Technologies, the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday.  The investigation centers on allegations that Huawei stole trade secrets from U.S. business partners, including the technology that T-Mobile used to test smartphones, according to the Journal‘s report that cited people familiar with the matter.  The probe is at an advanced stage and could lead to an indictment soon, according to the Wall Street Journal‘s sources.      Huawei is the world’s largest maker of telecommunications equipment and considered a “national champion” in China. But many in the U.S. government say its technology is unsafe and its users are opening themselves to spying by China. The company was founded by Ren Zhengfei, a former officer in the People’s Liberation Army. The U.S government has effectively blocked the om company from installing its equipment in major U.S. networks and its mobile phones are banned in many government and military facilities.    In December, Huawei’s chief financial officer Meng Wanzhou was arrested in Canada at the behest of U.S. authorities. In a hearing in Vancouver, government attorneys revealed that she is accused of violating sanctions against Iran and deceiving banks in the U.S. about the company’s activities in Iran. Meng and Huawei have denied the charges.  Another Huawei executive was arrested in Poland last week. Authorities charged him with conducting espionage on behalf of the Chinese government.  The theft and forced transfer of technologies from U.S. companies to Chinese firms is a central issue in the trade dispute between the two countries. After an investigation, the Commerce Department produced a report accusing China of enabling and encouraging the theft or taking of intellectual property, particularly in high tech industries. Those allegations formed the basis for the tariffs the administration has imposed on imports from China.  
  Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen on Wednesday dismissed Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s concerns about security at the State of the Union address during the partial government shutdown.  “The Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Secret Service are fully prepared to support and secure the State of the Union,” she wrote on Twitter.  Pelosi urged Trump on Wednesday morning to cancel his planned address, citing security concerns because of security staff not getting paid during the partial government shutdown.      The Secret Service is part of the Department of Homeland security, where essential security employees are working without paychecks.    “We thank the Service for their mission focus and dedication and for all they do each day to secure our homeland,” Nielsen said.    The Department of Homeland Security and the US Secret Service are fully prepared to support and secure the State of the Union. We thank the Service for their mission focus and dedication and for all they do each day to secure our homeland.  — Sec. Kirstjen Nielsen (@SecNielsen) January 16, 2019
  Paris (AFP) – Behind bars in Japan, Carlos Ghosn has already been stripped of his leadership roles at Nissan and Mitsubishi — leaving questions for Renault, the third carmaker in their alliance, over who should steer the French company now.  Tensions are also running high between Renault and its Japanese partners following the sensational allegations of financial misconduct against Ghosn.      What lies ahead for Renault, a company which Ghosn grew into an industrial behemoth as part of the powerful alliance with Nissan and Mitsubishi?  – Who could replace Ghosn? –   Ghosn is still Renault’s CEO — but he needs to be replaced, with even his own lawyers acknowledging he could remain in jail awaiting trial for months.     “It’s a foregone conclusion,” a source close to the matter told AFP.  A former senior executive said Renault was “in the process of recruiting Ghosn’s replacement”, while a third source said: “There will be a replacement, we just need to be a little patient.”  Thierry Bollore, Renault’s chief operating officer, has temporarily taken the reins and would be Ghosn’s natural heir.  Choosing Bollore, a Frenchman with plenty of experience in Asia, would allow for some continuity in a company that has been badly rocked by the Ghosn affair.  But several other names are also circulating, including Didier Leroy, executive vice president at Toyota, and Michelin CEO Jean-Dominique Senard.    Senard’s posting at the top of the tyre-making giant is coming to an end in May and he is well-liked by the French government, which with a 15 percent stake is Renault’s biggest shareholder. One plausible scenario would see him become chairman of the board, while Bollore would remain on as chief operating officer.   PSA chief Carlos Tavares, whom Ghosn ousted from Renault in 2013 for daring to hint that he wanted to run the firm, is also being discussed as a possible successor.  Several senior French officials have been dispatched to Tokyo for talks with Nissan chief Hiroto Saikawa, which could speed up the naming of Ghosn’s replacement.   – A change in leadership structure? –   Until his arrest Ghosn was simultaneously CEO of Renault and the alliance, as well as board chairman at Nissan and Mitsubishi.    Several sources say his replacement at Renault will not necessary also lead the Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi Alliance, which is based in the Netherlands.  Renault’s CEO job could even be split up between an executive general manager and board chairman, a structure used by other French companies partly owned by the state.  One industry insider said it was “normal” for the recruitment process to take time, adding “the streets are not overflowing” with potential leaders of firms this large.  French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire stressed that “there is a pilot in the plane” in Ghosn’s absence in the form of Renault’s temporary leadership.  – Can the alliance survive? –  Ghosn, accused of with breach of trust and under-declaring his income, had been seen as the glue binding together the complex three-way structure that makes up the world’s top-selling auto company.   Nissan says the alleged financial misconduct came to light through a company whistleblower — a source of angst at Renault, which has denounced what it called a “deliberately orchestrated destabilisation campaign”.  The documents passed to investigators have targeted figures close to Ghosn including Mouna Sepehri, Renault’s head of legal affairs and communications.  Resentment has long been brewing in Japan over the structure of the alliance, which some say gives Renault an undue share of Nissan’s profits.  Some within French company suspect Nissan of seeking to tip the balance of power within the alliance to the detriment of Renault, which currently holds 43 percent of its Japanese partner after saving it from collapse in the early 2000s.  Nissan CEO Hiroto Saikawa dismissed this as “absurd”, saying: “Look at the evidence. It’s serious.”  He insisted he was committed to the alliance and had no immediate plans to seek to change its structure.  One Paris source suggested changes would be necessary in the top ranks of Nissan for the Franco-Japanese partnership, forged in 1999, to continue.  Another source said it was inevitable that there would be “battles for influence” and “score-settling”, but insisted the alliance would live on to see another day.  
  El Ejido (Espagne) (AFP) – In southern Spain, the far-right party Vox has drawn farmers’ votes with a pledge to deport illegal workers.   “But I don’t know what they would do without us,” an African man remarked as he left a greenhouse in El Ejido.      In this part of the sprawling region of Andalucia dubbed the “sea of plastic”, shimmering greenhouses lie side by side for miles on end.  This is where Vox got its best results in recent local elections that have led to it sitting in a regional parliament for the first time in modern Spanish history.  And while it did not get enough votes to govern, the support of 12 Vox lawmakers will allow a conservative-liberal coalition to take power in Andalucia when it is sworn in on Wednesday.    One of the mainstays of the far-right party’s programme is a call for illegal immigrants to be denounced and deported.  But in this area of southeastern Spain, dubbed “Europe’s vegetable garden”, foreign workers are an integral part of the ultra-intensive farming that the regional economy depends on.  Riding his bicycle along roads lined with greenhouses, Issa Guebre, 24, says he is paid 36 euros ($40) per day to grow melons.  He arrived last year from Burkina Faso after climbing the tall fence that separates the Spanish overseas territory of Melilla from Morocco.  Guebre says his boss “has never asked” him for any identity documents and that he has never seen a work inspector.    – 50 degrees –  Asked about Vox’s call to deport all illegal workers, he says: “I don’t know how they would cope here without us Africans.”    “In the summer it’s so hot in the greenhouses at 50 degrees (120 degrees F) that even the owner doesn’t come in.”  A Senegalese man who lives in Andalucia, Serigne Mamadou Keinde Diassaka, recently drew attention when he published on Facebook a video seen more than 600,000 times.  Responding to Vox at six in the morning in a vineyard in Albacete, he said: “Here’s what we immigrants do: work.”    In El Ejido, population 89,000, Vox got 29.51 percent of the votes, ahead of the conservative Popular Party (PP) that has governed the town for 28 years.  Vox could even win municipal elections in May, polls show.  Beyond immigration, the typical Vox voter is outraged by the independence drive in northeastern Catalonia or by the recent feminist movement.  A slogan painted in red on a greenhouse illustrates the anger directed at Spain’s Socialist prime minister who wants to exhume the remains of dictator Francisco Franco from his mausoleum near Madrid.  “Pedro Sanchez, bastard! Franco isn’t the problem, you’re the problem. Long live the Civil Guard (police force). Spain is a nation.”  – ‘Recruiting those who show up’ –  At the Las Chozas bar, farmers picking at tapas or playing table football say “many voted for Vox” and “illegal workers should go.”  Andres Fernandez, 44, owns a vast terrain of greenhouses.  He says immigrants “ask for more than they should because they come from a third-world country but don’t want to follow the rules here.”  He points for instance to those who won’t eat pork at the cantine.  But he also admits that “without immigrants here, you can’t survive.”  “When you have to harvest 70,000 kilos of watermelons in 24 hours, you hire those who show up,” says Salvador, a 64-year-old who refused to give his surname, acknowledging he sometimes hires illegal workers.  Smoking a cigarillo, the land owner, his face deeply lined, nevertheless said he is “sensitive to Vox’s discourse.”   According to Jose Cueva of the SOC farm workers union, “20 to 30 percent of (farm) workers are illegal” in the province of Almeria, one of eight in Andalusia.   In El Ejido, employers gather illegal workers early in the morning “with total impunity” next to the police station, he says.  “They would be shooting themselves in the foot: the deportation of illegal immigrants would create a big shortfall in workers,” he adds.  Pointing to the farmers’ “contradictions,” he believes they “need these workers” as their low-cost production “wouldn’t be possible without widespread precarity.”  “El Ejido’s former PP mayor Juan Enciso had in 2000 summed up their thinking by saying they needed immigrants by day but that they should disappear at night.”  
  Paris (AFP) – The French government on Wednesday called for former Nissan chief Carlos Ghosn, who has spent the last two months in Japanese custody, to be replaced as chief executive of carmaker Renault.  Economy Minister Bruno Le Maire called for Renault’s board to meet “in the coming days “to pick a “new lasting leadership” to replace the fallen auto titan, who has been charged with under-declaring his income and aggravated breach of trust.      The French state is Renault’s biggest shareholder, owning a 15-percent stake.  Ghosn, who built up a formidable alliance between Renault, Nissan and Mitsubishi that sold more cars than Volkswagen in 2017, has already been stripped of his leadership roles at Nissan and Mitsubishi.  But until now the French government had refrained from trying to oust him from the country’s second-biggest carmaker.    The move came a day after a Tokyo court denied bail for the 64-year-old Franco-Brazilian-Lebanese businessman, meaning he could remain in pre-trial detention for several more months.  Last week, Ghosn was hit with further charges for alleged financial misconduct — all of which he denies.  – ‘Lasting leadership’ sought –  “I always indicated, while reiterating the presumption of Carlos Ghosn’s innocence, that if he was durably prevented (from fulfilling his role) we would move to the next stage. We’re there now,” Le Maire told LCI broadcaster.  “In this new stage we need a new lasting leadership for Renault,” he said, adding that he had “explicitly asked, as the shareholder of reference, that Renault’s board of directors meet in the coming days” to choose a new CEO.    Several people have been cited as possible replacements for Ghosn.  Le Maire praised Michelin CEO Jean-Dominique Senard, tipped as a possible future chairman of the board, working alongside chief operating officer Thierry Bollore.  Ghosn made a dramatic courtroom appearance in Japan on Tuesday, during which he denounced the allegations against him, saying he had been “wrongly accused and unfairly detained”.  He has been indicted on two counts of under-declaring his income in statements to shareholders, amounting to over nine billion yen ($83 million) over eight fiscal years.  Ghosn also stands charged with “aggravated breach of trust” over a complex alleged scheme in which he is said to have tried to transfer foreign exchange losses to Nissan’s books.  His ongoing detention has prompted some international criticism of Japan’s legal system and created tensions between Renault and its Japanese partners.  In a letter to Human Rights Watch, his wife Carole Ghosn complained about the “harsh” conditions in which he was being held since his shock arrest at Tokyo’s Haneda airport on November 19  She also claimed he was being subjected to round-the-clock interrogations intended to extract a confession.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Los Angeles Lakers star LeBron James will not travel to either of the team’s next two nationally televised road games, agent Rich Paul told ESPN.  James has missed a career-high 11 straight games already with a groin injury suffered Christmas Day. The Lakers (24-21) are 4-7 without him, losing home games to the lowly New York Knicks and Cleveland Cavaliers.      They are currently tied with the Utah Jazz for the final playoff spot and visit the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday and Houston Rockets on Saturday. The Thunder matchup will be broadcast on TNT, with the game vs. the Rockets kicking off ABC’s coverage for the season.    James, 34, has taken part in shooting drills and gotten back on the court for some light work, but the Lakers have given no time frame for his return.  He is averaging 27.3 points, 8.3 rebounds and 7.1 assists in his first season with the Lakers.  
  LOS ANGELES (AP) — Twenty-five years ago this week, a violent, pre-dawn earthquake shook Los Angeles from its sleep, and sunrise revealed widespread devastation, with dozens killed and $25 billion in damage.  A look back at the damage, deaths and developments in seismic safety since the disaster:      ___  THE QUAKE  At 4:31 a.m. on Jan. 17, 1994, a hidden fault lurking under the city’s San Fernando Valley neighborhoods unleashed a magnitude 6.7 earthquake that shattered buildings, broke water mains and ignited fires.    The so-called blind thrust fault — one with no surface features to reveal its presence — caused a block of earth to move upward. Most of the energy was released toward mountains that line the northern side of the valley, but there was more than enough energy sent in other directions to cause devastation .  The ground shook horizontally and vertically for up to 10 seconds, most strongly in an area 30 miles (48 kilometers) in diameter around LA’s Northridge neighborhood, according to the public-private partnership Earthquake Country Alliance. It was felt as far away as Las Vegas.  ___  DEATHS AND INJURIES  The state said at least 57 died in the earthquake, though a study issued the following year put the death toll at 72, including heart attacks. About 9,000 were injured.    The greatest concentration of deaths occurred at the Northridge Meadows, a 163-unit apartment complex where 16 people were killed when it collapsed onto the parking area below, crushing first-floor apartments.  The catastrophe at Northridge Meadows revealed a particular seismic hazard due to so-called soft-story construction in which a building’s ground level has large open areas for purposes such as parking spots or shop windows.  ___  DAMAGE  The widespread damage to buildings, freeways and infrastructure made the Northridge quake the costliest U.S. disaster at the time.    According to Earthquake Country Alliance , 82,000 residential and commercial units and 5,400 mobile homes were damaged or destroyed, nine parking structures toppled, nine hospitals were evacuated due to structural or other problems, seven key freeway bridges collapsed, and hundreds more were damaged.  Some 200 steel-frame high-rises sustained cracked welds.  Vivid images from the quake included scenes of vehicles stranded high on an elevated section of freeway with the road fallen away in front and behind, and the wrecked motorcycle of a police officer who plunged to his death off the end of a broken overpass while rushing to work in the early morning darkness.  The California Department of Transportation, which had already retrofitted many of the bridges that ended up being damaged, would spend hundreds of millions of dollars to further strengthen numerous bridges identified as being at risk.  The damage to hospitals led the state to require strengthening of those buildings.  ___  LEGACY  Since Northridge there has been a push toward progress — sometimes frustratingly slow — on everything from making buildings safer to increasing society’s overall ability to deal with seismic threats.  In 2008, an annual earthquake drill known as the Great ShakeOut began in Southern California to teach the basic safety technique of “drop, cover and hold on.” Initially based on a scenario of a magnitude 7.8 quake on the southern end of the mighty San Andreas fault, the drill has since spread across the United States and around the world.  In 2015, Los Angeles enacted a mandatory retrofit ordinance aimed at preventing loss of life in major earthquakes at the city’s most vulnerable buildings. It covered about 13,500 “soft-story” buildings like Northridge Meadows and some 1,500 buildings with “non-ductile reinforced concrete” construction.  The ordinance, however, allowed a process spanning seven years for retrofitting of soft-story buildings and 25 years for non-ductile reinforced concrete buildings.  Last year, the U.S. Geological Survey announced its fledgling West Coast earthquake early warning system was ready for broad use by businesses, utilities, transportation systems and schools after years of development and testing of prototypes. The system detects the start of an earthquake and sends alerts that can give warnings ranging from several seconds to a minute before shaking arrives, depending on distance from the epicenter. That can be enough time to slow trains, stop industrial processes and allow students to scramble under desks.  This month, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti unveiled a mobile app that uses the early warning system to alert Los Angeles County residents when there is an earthquake of magnitude 5.0 or greater. Other mobile apps are in development.  Also this month, the Los Angeles Economic Development Corp. released a guide aimed at helping businesses minimize disruptions from major earthquakes, taking advantage of information technologies such as the digital cloud to keep a company working even if its physical systems are destroyed or inaccessible.  
  WASHINGTON (AP) — The nation’s top health authorities agree: Teen vaping is an epidemic that now affects some 3.6 million underage users of Juul and other e-cigarettes. But no one seems to know the best way to help teenagers who may be addicted to nicotine.  E-cigarettes are now the top high-risk substance used by teenagers, according to the latest U.S. figures , which show that Juul and similar products have quickly outpaced cigarettes, alcohol, marijuana and other substances that have been tracked over more than four decades.      The handheld devices heat a liquid solution that usually contains nicotine into an inhalable vapor. Federal law prohibits sales to those under 18, though many high schoolers report getting them from older students or online.  In recent months, government officials have rolled out a series of proposals aimed at keeping the products away from youngsters, including tightening sales in convenience stores and online. In November, vaping giant Juul voluntarily shut down its Facebook and Instagram accounts and pulled several flavors out of retail stores.  But there’s been little discussion of how to treat nicotine addiction in children as young as 11 years old. While some adolescents should be able to quit unaided, experts say many will be hampered by withdrawal symptoms, including anxiety, irritability, difficulty concentrating and loss of appetite.    Physicians who treat young people now face a series of dilemmas: The anti-smoking therapies on the market — such as nicotine patches and gums — are not approved for children, due to lack of testing or ineffective results. And young people view the habit as far less risky, which poses another hurdle to quitting.  The harshness of cigarette smoke often limits how much teenagers inhale, sometimes discouraging them from picking up the habit altogether. That deterrent doesn’t exist with e-cigarette vapor, which is typically much smoother, according to experts.  Kicking any addiction requires discipline, patience and a willingness to follow a treatment plan — something that doesn’t come easily to many young people, experts said.  “Teenagers have their own ideas of what might work for them, and they’re going to do what they do,” said Susanne Tanski, a tobacco prevention expert with the American Academy of Pediatrics. “But we desperately need studies to figure out what’s going to work with this population.”  Since debuting in the U.S. in 2007, e-cigarettes and other vaping devices have grown into a $6.6 billion business. Driving the recent surge in underage use are small, easy-to-conceal devices like Juul, which vaporizes a high-nicotine solution sold in flavors such as creme, mango and cucumber. Despite industry worries of a crackdown on flavors, the FDA has taken no steps to ban the array of candy and fruit varieties that companies use to differentiate their offerings.    E-cigarettes have become a scourge in U.S. schools, with students often vaping in the bathroom or between classes. One in 5 five high schoolers reported vaping in the last month, according to 2018 federal survey figures.  Juul and other brands are pitched to adult smokers as a way to quit smoking, but there’s been little research on that claim or their long-term health effects, particularly in young people. Nicotine can affect learning, memory and attention in the teenage brain, but there’s virtually no research on how e-cigarette vapor affects lungs, which do not fully mature until the 20s.    “It’s frightening for me as a pediatrician because I really feel like there’s this uncontrolled experiment happening with our young people,” Tanski said. “They don’t perceive the harm, and we can’t show them what it’s going to be.”  Tanski and other experts will meet this Friday at the Food and Drug Administration to discuss the potential role for pharmaceutical therapies and non-prescription medications such as nicotine gums and patches.  Regulators acknowledge they are starting from square one: The FDA “is not aware of any research examining either drug or behavioral interventions” to help e-cigarette users quit, the agency noted in its announcement.    The FDA will also hear from researchers, vaping executives, parents and teenagers.  “We want to make sure our voices are heard and that — most importantly — our kids’ voices are heard,” said Meredith Berkman, who plans to speak at the meeting with her 10th-grade son.  Berkman said she first realized her son and his friends were “Juuling” last year when she heard them repeatedly opening and closing his bedroom window. With two other New York City mothers, she formed the group Parents Against Vaping E-cigarettes, which is asking the FDA to ban all e-cigarette flavors.  “Unless the flavors are off the market, kids are going to continue to be seduced by these highly addictive nicotine-delivery systems like Juul,” Berkman said.  Quitting smoking is notoriously difficult, even for adults with access to various aids and programs. More than 55 percent of adult smokers try to quit each year, yet only about 7 percent succeed, according to government figures.  Nicotine gums, patches and lozenges are available over-the-counter for those 18 and older, and are occasionally prescribed “off-label” for younger patients. They provide low levels of nicotine to help control cravings. Prescription drugs include Zyban, an antidepressant, and Chantix, which blocks the effects of nicotine on the brain. But neither has shown positive results in teenagers, and both carry worrisome side effects, including suicidal thinking for Zyban and nausea and abnormal dreams for Chantix.  That leaves counseling as the go-to option for teenagers trying to quit cigarettes.  In November, Colorado dropped the minimum eligibility age for its quit-smoking hotline from 15 to 12, in response to the explosion in vaping among students as low as 6th grade. The state’s underage vaping rate is the highest in the U.S., with 1 in 4 high school students reportedly using the products, according to federal data. The state’s over-the-phone and online programs provide free coaching to help users create a quit plan, manage cravings and avoid relapse.  But even counseling has shown only “limited evidence” in helping teenagers, according to an exhaustive review of the medical literature published in 2017.  Still, addiction specialists see growing demand for such programs, particularly group sessions that often have the most promising results.  Addiction psychiatrist Jonathan Avery says he gets four to five calls a week from pediatricians referring patients or asking about treatment options. One of the biggest problems is an education gap — many doctors haven’t heard of Juul and don’t even recognize the vaping devices brought in by parents.  On the other side, teenagers are often “suspicious” when he informs them that they are inhaling a highly addictive substance, said Avery, of New York-Presbyterian Hospital.  About two-thirds of U.S. teenagers do not realize that Juul contains nicotine, according to a recent survey by the Truth Initiative, an anti-smoking advocacy group.  The U.S. Surgeon General, Jerome Adams, hammered that point home in a rare public advisory last month. He said even his 14-year-old son believed that e-cigarette vapor was essentially harmless.  “Youth like my son have no clue what’s in these products most of the time,” he said.  ___  Follow Matthew Perrone at @AP_FDAwriter  ___  The Associated Press Health and Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute’s Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.  ___  This version corrects the name of the group, Parents Against Vaping E-cigarettes.  
  Boy, did the Motion Picture Academy blow it. With less than six weeks until the Oscar telecast, no one has stepped forward to host, and the guy they lost, comedian Kevin Hart, is currently starring in America’s number one box office hit.  The Upside is not only the box office’s top movie; it defied all expectations to take that crown. Early projections were for an $11 million opening weekend and third place finish. By the time Monday rolled around, though, The Upside, which co-stars Bryan Cranston, knocked Aquaman off of his throne with a $20 million haul.  When’s the last time an Oscar host slid into that spot just a few weeks after his or her movie topped the box office? Billy Crystal in 1989? Steve Martin in 2001?      Regardless, this will go down as one of Oscar’s biggest self-inflicted wounds.  The Academy Awards has not been hosted by a box office draw in nearly two decades. Meanwhile, Hart has been a bankable star since he helped drive 2014’s Ride Along to a $135 million smash.  What’s more, Hart has had two — count them, two — number one hits inside four months. It was just at the end of September when his Night School opened to numero uno with $27 million. Prior to that, his Jumanji reboot grossed an astonishing $404 million domestic; Kevin Hart: What Now? (2016) became the fifth highest-grossing stand-up comedy movie in history; Central Intelligence (2016) grossed $157 million, Ride Along 2 (2016) $91 million, and Get Hard (2015) $90 million.    Keep in mind that Hart is accomplishing this while the genre of the Hollywood comedy sinks into the abyss. He is the one person keeping this genre alive, and he is doing so because he is a rarity in pop culture: a talented, charismatic, and mostly apolitical star. He’s not divisive or terribly political or alienating. In other words…  Kevin Hart is the perfect Oscar host, the perfect guy to bring the telecast back from the dead, from record-low ratings, but…  The spineless blacklisters who run the Academy blew it.  Because Hart tweaked and satirized everyone seven or eight years ago (including black people, himself, and homosexuals), because he did not inoculate homosexuals from satire, those who practice Woke McCarthyism reported him to the Academy for his JokeCrime after it was announced in December he would host the Oscars.  Rather than tell the Woke Fascists to go to hell if they can’t take a joke, the blacklisters in the Academy demanded Hart apologize — for jokes.    Even though Hart had already addressed these tweets in previous years, the Academy demanded an apology. To his credit, Hart was principled enough to tell the Academy to go pound sand.  And now, Kevin Hart is an even bigger movie and comedy star, has earned the respect of the vast majority of American who loathe political correctness, has the number one movie in America (again), and with that February 24 deadline approaching fast, the Academy has no host.  In one quick and cowardly move, the Academy turned one of the most prestigious jobs in show business into the most toxic.  In front of the whole world, the very institution that should have been standing up for artistic and personal expression served up their own guy to the fascist lions, and now they’re screwed.  I don’t know about y’all, but I cannot wait to not watch the Oscars this year.  Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow his Facebook Page here.     
  Yuma Sector Border Patrol agents arrested a previously deported child sex offender after he illegally crossed into the U.S. with a group of migrant families.  Border Patrol agents monitoring surveillance cameras east of the San Luis Port of Entry observed a group of 24 illegal immigrants crossing the border from Mexico on January 11. Ground-based agents responded to the area and approached the group of migrants, according to information provided by Yuma Sector Border Patrol officials.  The agents placed all 24 in custody and transported them to the station for processing and identification. Officials said the group consisted mainly of Central American families. Officials could not say, at this time, if any unaccompanied minors were part of the group.      As part of the processing, all migrants are run through an extensive biometric background investigation to determine if they have any prior criminal or immigration history.    In this case, agents discovered 37-year-0ld Morcos Velasquez-Taperio, a Guatemalan national, has a criminal and immigration history that includes a prior deportation following a conviction for illegal sexual contact with a minor. Court records show that a Fort County, Kansas, court convicted Valasquez in 2009 for Aggravated Indecent Liberties with a Child. Following his conviction, the court sentenced him to 32 months in prison. Immigration officials deported him to Guatemala after he served his sentence.  Kansas statutes define Aggravated Indecent Liberties with a Child as:  (1) Sexual intercourse with a child who is 14 or more years of age but less than 16 years of age;  (2) engaging in any of the following acts with a child who is 14 or more years of age but less than 16 years of age and who does not consent thereto:    (A) Any lewd fondling or touching of the person of either the child or the offender, done or submitted to with the intent to arouse or to satisfy the sexual desires of either the child or the offender, or both; or  (B) causing the child to engage in any lewd fondling or touching of the person of another with the intent to arouse or satisfy the sexual desires of the child, the offender or another; or    (3) engaging in any of the following acts with a child who is under 14 years of age:    (A) Any lewd fondling or touching of the person of either the child or the offender, done or submitted to with the intent to arouse or to satisfy the sexual desires of either the child or the offender, or both; or  (B) soliciting the child to engage in any lewd fondling or touching of the person of another with the intent to arouse or satisfy the sexual desires of the child, the offender or another.      Velasquez now faces federal felony charges for allegedly re-entering the country illegally after being deported as a sex offender. If convicted, he could face up to 20 years in federal prison before being deported again.  Border Patrol agents processed the other 23 migrants under Yuma Sector guidelines.      Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for the Breitbart Border team. He is an original member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.      
  MONTERREY, Nuevo León – Un policía estatal de Nuevo León está pidiendo protección para su familia después de que un equipo de sicarios del Cartel del Golfo entro su casa buscándolo y le robó algunos de sus uniformes. Los sicarios le dejaron una amenaza escrita en la pared diciendo que volverían.  El oficial de policía que es miembro de Fuerza Civil se acercó a sus supervisores pidiendo ayuda después de la amenaza a su familia en el municipio de Juárez, según revelaron las fuentes policiales. Breitbart News no publicara el nombre del oficial ni su dirección por razones de seguridad. Los investigadores creen que el oficial puede ser un blanco para el secuestro. Fuentes policiales revelaron que están investigando si el oficial se convirtió en un blanco al azar o si el incidente fue causado por su trabajo con las autoridades estatales.        El oficial no estaba en su casa cuando un equipo de sicarios entró a la fuerza a su residencia aparentemente buscándolo, los sicarios se robaron algunos de los uniformes del policía. La esposa del oficial es la que encontró un mensaje de cartel garabateado en la pared y las pertenencias de la familia tiradas por todo el piso.    ” Después venimos por ti. Perro te estamos cazando CDG”, escribieron los sicarios en la pared de la casa.    La amenaza contra el oficial se produce al mismo tiempo que sicarios Cártel del Golfo atacaron la sede de Fuerza Civil en la ciudad de García y emboscaron un vehículo policial en la ciudad de Cadereyta. Los ataques hirieron a tres oficiales. En las últimas semanas, las autoridades de Nuevo León han estado tomando medidas enérgicas contra varias células del Cartel del Golfo, así como las operaciones de sus rivales con el Cartel del Noreste. Ambas organizaciones criminales han estado luchando por el control de las rutas del narcotráfico, el control de la distribución local de drogas y el control del mercado negro de combustibles robados.    Nota Editorial: Breitbart Texas viajó a los estados Mexicanos de Tamaulipas, Coahuila y Nuevo León para reclutar a ciudadanos periodistas dispuestos a arriesgar sus vidas para exhibir a los carteles que amordazan a sus comunidades. Los escritores recibirían una muerte segura a manos de los carteles que operan en esas áreas incluyendo a el Cartel Del Golfo y Los Zetas si no usaran un seudónimo. Breitbart’s Las Crónicas De Carteles serán publicadas tanto en inglés como en su contenido original de Español. Este artículo fue escrito por Tony Aranda de Nuevo Leon.   
  MONTERREY, Nuevo Leon — A state cop in Nuevo Leon is asking for protection for his family after a team of Gulf Cartel gunmen raided his home and stole uniforms. The gunmen left a threatening message, saying they would be back.  The police officer, a member of Fuerza Civil, reached out to his supervisors for help after the attack, law enforcement sources revealed. Breitbart News is withholding the name and address for security reasons. Investigators believe the officer may be a target for kidnapping. Law enforcement sources revealed they are looking to see if the officer was targeted at random or if his work played direct a role in the attack.        The officer was not at home when a team of gunmen broke in. His wife found a message scrawled on a wall and their belongings on the floor.    “We will come for you later, we are hunting for you — CDG” the gunmen wrote.    The attack comes at the same time when Gulf Cartel gunmen shot the headquarters of Fuerza Civil in Garcia and ambushed a police vehicle in Cadereyta. The events injured three policemen. In recent weeks, Nuevo Leon authorities cracked down on various Gulf cells and the rival the Northeast Cartel. Both organizations are fighting for control of drug trafficking routes, local distribution, and the underground fuel market.    Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by Tony Aranda from Nuevo Leon.   
  Jeddah (Saudi Arabia) (AFP) – Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal to hand Juventus their first trophy of the season with a 1-0 win over ten-man AC Milan in the Italian Super Cup on Wednesday in Saudi Arabia.  Ronaldo — signed by the Italian giants last year from Real Madrid as they target a first Champions League title since 1996 — headed in a 61st-minute winner.      AC Milan played the last quarter of an hour a man down after Ivorian midfielder Franck Kessie saw red for a bad tackle on Emre Can.    The match had been overshadowed by controversy with calls for it to be relocated over human rights issues in Saudi Arabia with women only allowed to attend the game if they were accompanied by a man.  According to media reports, there were 15,000 women among the 61,000 crowd in the stadium.  Juventus have now won the title a record eight times, while AC Milan have won seven.  It was second time that Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri has lifted the trophy, having lost to AC Milan in 2016 and Lazio last year.  
  Paris (AFP) – It was honours even between Thierry Henry and Patrick Vieira as the old France and Arsenal teammates clashed for the first time as coaches on Wednesday in a controversy-laden 1-1 draw between Monaco and Nice.  The presence of the two greats in the respective dugouts made an international event out of what is usually little more than a hotly contested local derby on the Cote d’Azur.      It was a spicy encounter, with Allan Saint-Maximin putting Nice ahead before youngster Benoit Badiashile levelled for the hosts in the second half.  Nice played half the game with 10 men but also saw Saint-Maximin miss a great chance to win all three points when he had a late penalty saved.  Members of France’s 1998 World Cup-winning side and later colleagues for six years in Arsene Wenger’s Arsenal team, Henry and Vieira embraced warmly before kick-off at the Stade Louis II.    They did so again at full-time, both allowing themselves a smile even though the stalemate will likely not satisfy either man.  Henry’s Monaco are scrapping to pull away from the relegation zone in Ligue 1, and they remain 19th in the table, three points adrift of outright safety. They have still not won at home this season.  Vieira’s Nice, meanwhile, have lost just once in 10 league matches but might regret dropping two points in their quest to qualify for Europe.  – Fabregas absent –  The 41-year-old Henry has now won just twice in 11 league games since being appointed to his first coaching job in October, although performances have improved since the turn of the year.    He will also wonder how this game might have ended had he been able to call on the services of new signing Cesc Fabregas.  The Spaniard — another former protege of Wenger’s at Arsenal — joined from Chelsea last week and made his debut at Marseille on Sunday.  Unveiled to the media earlier on Wednesday, he was nevertheless ineligible for this match because it was originally supposed to be played in December before being called off due to security concerns linked to the ‘yellow vest’ protest movement in France.  Fabregas instead watched from the stands, and he saw Saint-Maximin, a former Monaco player, put Nice in front on the half-hour mark, running through to score after some sloppy play from the home side.  – Penalty miss –    That has characterised Monaco’s season, but they were helped when Nice were reduced to 10 men in stoppage time at the end of the first half.  Ihsan Sacko raked his studs down the calf of Benjamin Henrichs, and was shown a straight red card after the referee reviewed the images.  The hosts then drew level early in the second half, Badiashile’s header just crossing the line despite the best efforts of Nice ‘keeper Walter Benitez.  There was controversy as referee Benoit Bastien used VAR again to give 10-man Nice a penalty in the 76th minute, despite the footage suggesting that Youcef Atal had dived.  Henry will feel that justice was done, though, as Saint-Maximin’s kick was saved by Diego Benaglio.  The home side could still have won it late on, but Radamel Falcao’s shot came back off the post, and Monaco are now just a point clear of bottom side Guingamp, who defeated Rennes 2-1.  Champions League hopefuls Lyon needed a brilliant late free-kick by Nabil Fekir to grab a point in a 2-2 draw at Toulouse, while Nimes beat Nantes 1-0.  
  Nairobi (AFP) – Kenyan police  scoured the rubble of a Nairobi hotel complex for more victims Wednesday as the death toll from a jihadist attack jumped to 21 and mourners began to bury the dead.  President Uhuru Kenyatta had earlier announced the end of a 20-hour operation at the DusitD2 complex which saw hundreds of people rescued and all five jihadists “eliminated”.      The bloody assault was claimed by the Al-Qaeda-linked Somali militant group Al-Shabaab, which said it was acting to avenge the decision by US President Donald Trump to declare Jerusalem as Israel’s capital, according to the SITE monitoring group.  Chilling CCTV footage broadcast on local media showed four black-clad, heavily armed men calmly entering the luxury complex on Tuesday afternoon. A suicide bomb blast signalled the start of the attack.  Police chief Joseph Boinnet revised the death toll to 21 from 14, saying the victims included 16 Kenyans, one American, one Briton and three of African descent.    “Six other bodies were found at the scene and one police officer succumbed very suddenly to his injuries,” he told reporters.  Another 28 wounded people had been admitted to hospital, he said.  As police searched for further victims, bomb disposal experts were looking for any grenades left by the assailants.  “The public must not panic if it hears explosions from the area,” Boinnet said.  As the first explosion and gunfire rang out in the leafy Westlands suburb on Tuesday, hundreds of terrified office workers barricaded themselves in the complex while others fled.    At least one suicide bomber blew himself up and others traded gunfire with security forces as the assault on DusitD2, a complex which includes a 101-room hotel, spa, restaurant and offices, unfolded.  “There were five terrorists and all of them are no more,” Boinnet told AFP earlier. “It is a clearing exercise now going on there.”    Al-Shabaab has targeted Kenya since it sent its army into Somalia in October 2011 to fight the jihadist group.  – ‘9/11 survivor among dead’ –  Among the dead was an American citizen, identified by his family as Jason Spindler, whose brother said on Facebook that he had been a survivor of the September 11, 2001, attacks in the United States.    In London, the Foreign Office confirmed the death of a British-South African dual national and said another British person was injured.  In downtown Nairobi, dozens of people lined up to give blood at a memorial for the US embassy destroyed in an Al-Qaeda attack in 1998 in which 213 people died.  – Memories of Westgate massacre –  For many Kenyans, news of the attack revived traumatic memories of a 2013 Shabaab raid on Nairobi’s Westgate shopping mall that left 67 people dead — a siege played out over four days that led to sharp criticism of the authorities’ response.  But this time, local media heaped praise on the security forces for their intervention, which Kenyatta said entailed the evacuation of some 700 civilians.  George Kinoti, the director of criminal investigations, told AFP that “two principal suspects” had been arrested.  One was arrested in the suburb of Eastleigh and the other in Ruaka, northwest of Nairobi, where officers raided a house where one of the attackers lived, he said.  “One of the men was identified by locals, who called police, and they have confirmed that he lived there with his wife,” a police source said on condition of anonymity.   A police source said two attackers were shot dead Wednesday after a prolonged shootout.  “The two have red bandanas tied around their forehead and bullets strapped around their chest with several magazines each,” the senior police officer said. “Each had an AK47 which has been secured.”  – Anguish at the morgue –  Distraught family members gathered outside a mortuary, where they said they had not been permitted to view the bodies.  “My sister is not in any of the hospitals and the last time we spoke she was a bit calm but suddenly she started crying and shouting and I could hear gunshots and her phone remained on but she wasn’t speaking,” said a woman who gave her name as Njoki.  “We have no doubt her body is here. Let them allow us in”, she said, weeping.  Francis Magutu, 35, said he had been at the morgue since 6 am. “I am almost certain that my in-law is dead, but I want us to see his body, because we want to be certain.”  The attack sparked a wave of outrage abroad, from UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres and African Union chief Moussa Faki to the European Union.  At home, an editorial in the Daily Nation newspaper said the attack was a stark reminder that Kenya’s security challenges were far from over.  The last major attack in the country took place in 2015, when Shabaab killed 148 people at the university in Garissa, eastern Kenya.  Since then sporadic attacks have targeted security forces mostly in the remote northeastern parts of the country.  “Just when we thought that things were calm, the gangs unleashed mayhem. For Kenyans the chilling reality is that the attacks are not ceasing,” the editorial said.   
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Two new migrant caravans from Central America are on their way to the U.S.  One collection of 350 people left Wednesday from El Salvador hoping to join another group of some 800 people that left Honduras on Monday.      Salvadorans from different towns started arriving Tuesday night and met Wednesday morning for a prayer in the Salvador del Mundo square in San Salvador, the nation’s capital. Some 350 left at 7 a.m. local time and are the fifth group to depart to the United States in the last three months, a report from El Salvador.com said.  Children and women, but mostly men, walked carrying backpacks, water, medicine and good luck talismans.  They said they were fleeing conditions of violence and poverty, and are expected to reach a bigger group of Hondurans who left Monday from their country also on their way to the United States, the newspaper reported.    Meantime, the Honduras government-sponsored Copeco, or Permanent Commission for Contingencies, said in a Wednesday statement it regretted a group of 800 people left for the United States despite warnings. It said it is providing assistance to those who were not able to cross the border into Guatemala, as most have already managed to do.  Some minors who were found in the groups without an accompanying adult were handed to authorities, it added.  “While the number is significantly below that of a year earlier, we regret that this group of about 800 people are making themselves vulnerable by starting this route. They are vulnerable to activities such as human trafficking, and commercial sexual exploitation, among others,” it said.  Mexico-based Televisa reported Wednesday there were no confrontations with security forces as the Hondurans entered into Guatemala.  Thousands of migrants who left Central America last year with the hopes of seeking asylum in the United States are waiting for a possibility to enter the country. Most of them are in temporary shelters in border cities on the Mexican side, while on the U.S. side of the border authorities have deployed the military.  The migrants are traveling in groups to better protect themselves because in the past criminals have targeted them, knowing they carry all belongings.  A bigger group left Honduras on Oct. 13, arriving to Mexico City in early November and then moving on to the U.S. border.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Los Angeles Lakers star LeBron James will not travel to either of the team’s next two nationally televised road games, agent Rich Paul told ESPN.  James has missed a career-high 11 straight games already with a groin injury suffered Christmas Day. The Lakers (24-21) are 4-7 without him, losing home games to the lowly New York Knicks and Cleveland Cavaliers.      They are currently tied with the Utah Jazz for the final playoff spot and visit the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday and Houston Rockets on Saturday. The Thunder matchup will be broadcast on TNT, with the game vs. the Rockets kicking off ABC’s coverage for the season.    James, 34, has taken part in shooting drills and gotten back on the court for some light work, but the Lakers have given no time frame for his return.  He is averaging 27.3 points, 8.3 rebounds and 7.1 assists in his first season with the Lakers.  
  WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump’s nominee to lead the Environmental Protection Agency on Wednesday called climate change “a huge issue” but not the “greatest crisis,” drawing fire from Democrats at his confirmation hearing over the regulatory rollbacks he’s made in six months as the agency’s acting administrator.  Republicans on the GOP-majority Senate Environment and Public Works Committee mostly had praise for Andrew Wheeler, who has served as the agency’s acting head since Scott Pruitt’s resignation amid ethics scandals in July. The committee chairman, Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., called Wheeler “very well qualified” to take the job.      But Democrats pressed Wheeler about his work as a lobbyist helping an influential coal magnate meet with Trump administration officials before his nomination to the EPA, his moves on deregulation and for what they said was his inattention to the growing dangers from climate change.  “You seem to be consistently doing things that undermine the health and safety of this nation,” Sen. Ed Markey, D-Mass., told Wheeler.  Markey asked him why he was pulling back on regulations that proponents say protect human health and the environment.    “I believe we are moving forward” on protections, Wheeler responded.  Wheeler cited changes he had initiated to roll back future mileage standards for cars and autos and to ease Obama-era clampdowns on dirtier-burning coal-fired power plants.  He said EPA staff, whom he did not identify, had concluded that those rollbacks would ultimately lead to health gains. Environmental groups and formal assessments from the EPA and other agencies have contested that, saying the changes would increase pollution and increase harm to people and the climate.  Sen. Tom Carper, D-Del., said the rollbacks in car mileage standards and toxic mercury emissions under Wheeler were examples of unsafe deregulation and went beyond what industries themselves wanted.  Sen. Bernie Sanders, D-Vt., noted Wheeler had failed to mention climate change in his initial remarks to lawmakers.    “Do you agree that climate change is a global crisis?” Sanders asked, shouting at times.  “I would not call it the greatest crisis,” Wheeler said. “I would call it a huge issue that has to be addressed globally.”  Wheeler told lawmakers that he had yet to read a massive government climate-change report released late last year that emphasized manmade climate change was already underway.  Wheeler said he had received one staff briefing so far on the climate-change report. The work of the EPA and other government agencies, the report stresses the massive economic toll expected from increasingly severe wildfires, hurricanes and other extreme weather under climate change.  Wheeler said the news media had seized upon “worst-case scenarios” of the climate report.    “You are a former coal industry lobbyist that is sitting here,” Markey responded. “That’s the worst-case scenario, what you are proposing here” for easing Obama-era rules meant to clamp down on climate-changing fossil fuel emissions.  Sen. Joni Ernst of Iowa and other Republican lawmakers, by contrast, praised Wheeler for a move to remove federal protections for millions of miles of wetlands and waterways and other proposals. Republican lawmakers said the protections had burdened farmers and others.  The grandson of a coal miner, Wheeler worked for the EPA in the 1990s and later as a longtime Republican Senate staffer.  Democrats pressed Wheeler about his lobbying before joining the EPA, saying his work for coal companies should disqualify him from leading an agency that regulates coal.  Wheeler’s lobbying clients included coal magnate Bob Murray, who pushed hard on the Trump administration after the 2016 elections to grant a series of breaks for the sagging domestic coal industry.  Wheeler accompanied Murray to a March 2017 meeting to pitch Murray’s list of desired rule rollbacks and other breaks for coal to Energy Secretary Rick Perry.  Wheeler told senators that his main work for Murray had been on health benefits and pensions.  “I did not work on the plan, I do not have a copy of it. I saw it briefly,” Wheeler said, referring to Murray’s wish list.  Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse, D-R.I., displayed a blown up version of a photo taken of the meeting with Perry, showing Wheeler at Murray’s side.  A second photo showed Murray’s rollback plan in Wheeler’s hands.  Murray had sought some of the coal breaks that the EPA under Wheeler had since acted on. That included Wheeler signing a rule easing federal regulation of toxic coal ash, removing an Obama rule that pushed electricity providers to move away from dirtier-burning coal plants and targeting an Obama rule limiting emissions of toxic mercury from coal plants.  A watchdog group, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, filed an ethics complaint Tuesday with the EPA’s Office of the Inspector General alleging that Wheeler’s oversight of those and other rollback proposals at EPA may have violated his government ethics pledge to abstain from regulatory decisions affecting his former lobbying client for at least two years.  EPA spokesman John Konkus called the accusation “baseless” and “wrong” and said Wheeler works with EPA ethics officials and follows their guidance.  
  WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. Constitution mandates in Article II, Section 3 that presidents “shall from time to time give to the Congress information of the state of the union, and recommend to their consideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient.”  But the Constitution offers no specifics on how that should be done. Indeed, the modern State of the Union address — the pageantry, the televised address and the agenda-setting message — is a far more recent phenomenon. And the practice of delivering an in-person address before a joint session of Congress has not always been the norm.      Here’s a look at the history of the State of the Union address as the White House weighs its response to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s suggestion that President Donald Trump delay this year’s address or give it in writing because of the partial government shutdown:  ___  Q: Who delivered the first State of the Union address?    A: George Washington on Jan. 8, 1790, in New York.  ___  Q: Does it have to be a speech?  A: No. For Thomas Jefferson’s first address on Dec. 8, 1801, he sent written copies to both houses of Congress to be read by each chamber’s clerks. Jefferson wanted to simplify what he believed was an aristocratic imitation of the British monarch’s speech from the throne, which he thought ill-suited for a republic.  The practice of sending written copies to Congress continued for more than a century, when Woodrow Wilson resumed the tradition of delivering the annual message in person on April 8, 1913. He’s also credited with transforming the speech from a report on executive branch activity into a blueprint for the president’s legislative agenda for the year.    ___  Q: When did the annual message become known as the “State of the Union” address?    A: Franklin D. Roosevelt applied the constitutional phrase “State of the Union” to both the message and the event. It became the popular terminology from then on and has officially been known as the State of the Union address since 1947. The speech was formally known as the “Annual Message” before that.  ___  Q: How has the speech been affected by advances in communications technology?    A: Calvin Coolidge delivered the first speech broadcast on radio in 1923. Harry S. Truman’s address in 1947 was the first broadcast on television. Lyndon B. Johnson recognized the importance of having a national audience when he moved the speech from midafternoon to 9 p.m. in 1965 to attract the largest number of TV viewers. George W. Bush’s 2002 speech was the first available as a live webcast on the White House website.  ___  Q: Has the speech ever been postponed?  A: Yes, there have been several instances — though all appear to have been initiated by the White House, historians say.  Ronald Reagan’s 1986 address, for instance, was postponed after the Challenger space shuttle exploded in flight on Jan. 28 of that year. And in 1944, Franklin D. Roosevelt was scheduled to deliver his address on Jan. 11 but instead transmitted a written message because of his poor health.  There have also been instances when other proposed presidential addresses before Congress have been rejected, including a 1986 speech by Reagan requesting aid for the contras. He delivered a televised speech instead.  ___  Q: What about during a shutdown?  A: The State of the Union address has yet to coincide with a full or partial government shutdown since the beginning of the modern budget process in the late 1970s.  The closest the country has come? Trump’s 2018 State of the Union, which was delivered on Jan. 30 — the week after a two-day shutdown that ended Jan. 22. In 1996, Bill Clinton delivered his State of the Union several weeks after the end of a 21-day shutdown that had previously been the country’s longest. Clinton made reference to the shutdown in his speech, offering to “all of you in this chamber: Never, ever shut the federal government down again.”  ___  Q: Is security really an issue?  A: In her letter, Pelosi raised concerns about holding the speech during a shutdown, citing the fact that the address has been designated a “National Special Security Event” in which “the full resources of the Federal Government” must be “be brought to bear.”  She noted that the Secret Service and the Department of Homeland Security have been operating without funding, “with critical departments hamstrung by furloughs.”  Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen rejected that assessment, tweeting that DHS and the Secret Service “are fully prepared to support and secure the State of the Union.”  About 5,978 of 7,222 Secret Service employees remain on the job.  ___  Q: Is there a State of the Union speech every year?  A: No. Recent presidents — Reagan in 1981, George H.W. Bush in 1989, Clinton in 1993, George W. Bush in 2001, Barack Obama in 2009 and Trump in 2017 — have chosen not to deliver official State of the Union addresses during their first years in office. Those speeches would have come soon after their inaugural addresses. However, many, including Trump, have delivered major speeches in front of Congress that have had the feel of the State of the Union without the title.  ___  Q: Has the State of the Union speech always been delivered in person since Wilson resumed the practice?  A: No. Truman sent his final message in print, as did Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1961 and Jimmy Carter in 1981. As Eisenhower recovered from a heart attack in 1956, he prepared a seven-minute filmed summary of the message from his retreat in Key West, Florida, that was broadcast nationwide. Richard Nixon sent a printed message in 1973; his staff said an oral message would have come too soon after his second inaugural address.  ___  Q: Which presidents didn’t deliver a State of the Union message?  A: William Henry Harrison, who died 32 days after his inauguration in 1841, and James A. Garfield, who was assassinated in 1881 after 199 days in office.  ___  Q: Could Trump choose an alternative?  A: There’s no reason why not. Trump could deliver a speech from the Oval Office or organize an alternative event on Jan. 29 — the date Pelosi had originally invited Trump to deliver his address before a joint session of Congress. The White House also could choose to delay the speech, as Pelosi has suggested. It was unclear how the White House planned to respond.  ___  Sources: Congressional Research Service, White House.  
  DETROIT (AP) — Despite a government shutdown, Hyundai and Kia are moving ahead with a recall of about 168,000 vehicles to fix a fuel pipe problem that can cause engine fires. The problem stems from improper repairs during previous recalls for engine failures.  The affiliated Korean automakers have been dogged by fire and engine failure complaints from across the nation. They’re both under investigation by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which has been trying to figure out whether initial recalls covered enough vehicles. But the agency is mostly closed due to the shutdown.      In addition to the recall, each automaker says it will do a “product improvement campaign” covering a total of 3.7 million vehicles to install software that will alert drivers of possible engine failures and send the cars into a reduced-speed “limp” mode if problems are detected.  NHTSA employees who do safety investigations and recall notifications are not at work. Under normal circumstances, the agency would review the recalls to make sure they are adequate and post details on the agency website. It also would monitor notices to customers, and make sure customers could check to see if their vehicles are included.  Kia spokesman James Bell said the company is proceeding with the recall and campaign regardless of government delays.    “Making our customers comfortable is vastly more important than making sure we’re following additional government processes right now,” he said. Kia sent letters to dealers around Jan. 10 notifying them of the recall, he said.  But a U.S. auto safety advocate called the recalls inadequate and said the product improvement campaigns should instead be recalls that are overseen by NHTSA.  A NHTSA spokeswoman said she could not comment due to the shutdown.  Hyundai and Kia started recalling 1.7 million vehicles in 2015 — about 618,000 of which are Kias — because manufacturing debris can restrict oil flow to connecting rod bearings. That can cause bearings in 2-liter and 2.4-liter four-cylinder engines to wear and fail. The problem can also cause fires. The repair in many cases is an expensive engine block replacement.  Now the companies are acknowledging that the engine replacements may not have been properly done in all cases by dealers. A Kia statement says the high-pressure fuel pipe may have been damaged, misaligned or improperly tightened while the engines were being replaced under recall. That can allow fuel to leak and hit hot engine parts, causing fires.    The fuel injector pipe recall covers some 2011 through 2014 Kia Optima cars, 2012 through 2014 Sorrento SUVs, and 2011 through 2013 Sportage SUVs, all with 2-liter and 2.4-liter four-cylinder engines. Also covered are many 2011 to 2014 Hyundai Sonata cars and 2013 and 2014 Santa Fe Sport SUVs.  More than 2 million 2011 Sonatas from the 2011 through 2018 model years and Santa Fe Sports from 2013 through 2018 are covered by the software and engine knock sensor updates. About 1.7 million Kias including the 2011 through 2018 Optima, the 2012 through 2018 Sorento and 2011 through 18 Sportage are covered.  The companies say owners of the recalled vehicles will be notified by letter. Dealers will check the fuel pipe for leaks and replace the pipe if needed.  Kia is only doing the fix on 68,000 of its 618,000 vehicles recalled for the engine problems, while Hyundai is recalling 100,000 of more than 1 million. Hyundai said only vehicles that had engines replaced in the previous recalls are covered by the new recall.  Jason Levine, executive director of the nonprofit Center For Auto Safety, said Kia limited the latest recall to a relatively small number of vehicles without adequate explanation, raising more questions than answers. He said some consumers have complained of fires in vehicles that weren’t included in the engine repair recalls.  He also raised concerns about the government shutdown’s impact on NHTSA, which he said should be open to handle critical safety recalls.  “This is the exact scenario where you should have safety and enforcement people coming in and doing their jobs,” he said.  The last recall posted on NHTSA’s website was dated Dec. 18, four days before the shutdown began. The agency said it a statement that it “may recall furloughed employees if NHTSA becomes aware of information concerning suspended functions that involve imminent threats to the safety of human life or protection of property.”  ____  
  Jobless claims may surge this week if federal workers furloughed due to the partial government shutdown file for unemployment benefits.  About 800,000 workers have been affected by the shutdown but not all of them are eligible for unemployment benefits. About 420,000 employees have been designated essential and required to work without pay. But because they are working, and are legally required to be paid eventually, they are not considered unemployed and cannot collect benefits.  That leaves around 320,000 federal employees who may be entitled to receive benefits because they have been shut out of work.      Only a fraction of those workers are expected to claim unemployment benefits. Those that do and later get paid for the time in which the government was shut down, as has happened in all recent shutdowns, will have to reimburse the government for benefit payments received.    Still, with the federal government having been shut down since December 22nd, some federal workers may be becoming strapped for cash and turn to benefits as a temporary reprieve. With no sign that the border wall funding dispute will end anytime soon, federal employees may decide that they cannot afford to forego claiming benefits.  There was a surge in claims filed by federal government employees during the shutdown in October 2013. Nearly 60,000 additional federal workers filed for unemployment in the week after the government shutdown.  Jobless claims came in lower than expected last week, at just 216,000. Economists had been expecting that number to rise to 221,000 but those forecasts do not appear to include furloughed federal workers. Which means the headline number on claims could be much higher, perhaps as high as 300,000.  The size of the surge may indicate how much financial distress the shutdown is inflicting on federal employees. If only a few thousand additional claims are filed, that would suggest federal employees are doing relatively well despite missing their paychecks. If hundreds of thousands apply, that could mean the shutdown caught many federal employees unprepared and without adequate short term cash savings.  Both the House and the Senate have passed bill to guarantee back pay to federal employees once the government re-opens. President Donald Trump is expected to sign the bill into law.     
  Actor and professional Trump impersonator Alec Baldwin suggested the need for a wall to keep out President Trump.  “What wall will keep Trump out ?” Alec Baldwin asked in a Tweet on Tuesday.    What wall will keep Trump out ?  — HABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) January 16, 2019
  New York (AFP) – Glittering Broadway icon Carol Channing, who starred in hit musicals including “Hello, Dolly!” and “Gentlemen Prefer Blondes,” died Tuesday, her publicist said. She was 97.  The towering platinum-blonde actress with a gravelly voice, a beaming smile and eyes like saucers wowed audiences for more than five decades, working into her 80s.      “It is with extreme heartache, that I have to announce the passing of an original Industry Pioneer, Legend and Icon,” her publicist B Harlan Boll said in a statement, saying Channing died at her home in Rancho Mirage, California of natural causes.  “It is so very hard to see the final curtain lower on a woman who has been a daily part of my life for more than a third of it,” he said. “Saying good-bye is one of the hardest things I have ever had to do.”   “But I know that when I feel those uncontrollable urges to laugh at everything and/or nothing at all, it will be because she is with me, tickling my funny bone.”    Channing first dazzled critics in December 1949 as gold digger Lorelei Lee in “Gentlemen Prefer Blondes,” signing the show’s signature anthem, “Diamonds Are a Girl’s Best Friend” night after night.  “Perhaps once in a decade a nova explodes above the Great White Way with enough brilliance to reillumine the whole gaudy legend of show business,” wrote Time Magazine of the performance.  She appeared in other shows in the interim, but 15 years later, she would take on the role that defined her career — the title character, a matchmaker, in “Hello, Dolly.”  She went on to play Dolly more than 5,000 times — winning a Tony for the role in 1964, and later receiving a Special Tony Award in 1968.  And in 1995, she received a lifetime achievement award at the Tonys, Broadway’s top honors.    Late in her career, she did television guest appearances and did voice work on the animated series “Family Guy.”  – ‘What can be better than this?’ –  Her sparkling stage presence mostly did not translate to the silver screen, but she did deliver one notable Hollywood performance in the film version of “Thoroughly Modern Millie,” for which she earned a Golden Globe award and an Oscar nomination, starring alongside Julie Andrews and Mary Tyler Moore.  She also gave a young Clint Eastwood his first on-screen kiss in “The First Traveling Saleslady” (1956).  Born in Seattle on January 31, 1921, Channing grew up an only child in San Francisco in a family of Christian Scientists.  After a short stint at Bennington College in Vermont, she moved to New York in pursuit of stage stardom, dedicating her life to the craft.  Married four times, Channing is survived by her son Channing Lowe, an acclaimed editorial cartoonist.  “Performing is the only excuse for my existence,” she told The New York Times in 1995. “What can be better than this?”  
  Karbala (Iraq) (AFP) – Iranian firms should have a key role in rebuilding Iraq after the fight against the Islamic State group, Tehran’s top diplomat said Wednesday in a rare meeting with Iraqi paramilitary units.  Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif spoke in Iraq’s holy city of Karbala to commanders of the Hashed al-Shaabi, which is dominated by Iran-backed Shiite groups opposed by Washington.       “The world has realised the truth — that the US wasn’t the one who defeated Daesh (IS). You were, and that’s why they exerted pressure on you and on us,” he told gathered commanders in Farsi.   After IS overran nearly a third of Iraq in 2014, the Hashed’s auxiliary units partnered with Iraqi forces for three years to fight the jihadists.   Many Hashed factions receive military and political support from Iran.     Some commanders have been blacklisted by the US, which also reimposed tough sanctions on Iran last year after pulling out of an international deal on Tehran’s nuclear programme.  Now, as Iraq looks to rebuild, Zarif said Iranian firms should be favoured because of his country’s support and the complex logistics of partnering with Western companies.  “If a European or American company comes to Iraq to do rebuilding activities, the costs of protecting their workers and staff in Iraq exceeds its contract for reconstruction,” he told commanders.  But an Iranian company could help rebuild at “low cost” and without security concerns, after having “stood alongside the Hashed”.   IS and the battle to defeat it ravaged swathes of Iraq and shattered its economy. Last year, Baghdad said its 10-year reconstruction plan will cost an estimated $88.2 billion.     One Hashed commander said his units were grateful to Iran.  “The main reason Iraq could persevere in the face of terrorism is the fact that Iran stood by its side. Everyone rejects America’s entry into Iraq,” said Abu Ammar Al-Jubury.  Zarif spoke to the commanders on his fourth day in Iraq, where he has met top officials in Baghdad and the Kurdish city of Arbil, and attended a trade summit.   Iran is the second-largest source of imported goods in Iraq.  Besides canned food and cars, Baghdad also buys 1,300 megawatts of electricity and 28 million cubic metres of natural gas daily from Iran to feed power plants.  As tensions between the US and Iran escalate, Iraq has played a careful balancing act to maintain ties to both.   
  New York (AFP) – Benjamin Brafman, the star lawyer who succeeded in getting some charges against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein reduced, has resigned from representing the movie producer in his sexual assault case.  “I’m withdrawing” from the Weinstein case, Brafman told the New York Post. He declined to comment to AFP.       According to the tabloid, the resignation was partly due to Weinstein’s plans to expand his legal team.    A New York legal eagle, Brafman, 70, successfully defended Dominique Strauss-Kahn in his 2011 rape case and has represented rapper Jay-Z and music producer Sean “Diddy” Combs.   Since Weinstein’s May 2018 indictment, Brafman has brought evidence of errors in the prosecution’s investigation, which led to charges being dropped stemming from complaints brought by one of three alleged victims.    He has also produced a series of emails between Weinstein and another woman who accused Weinstein of rape, arguing that they showed the two were in a “long-term, consensual, intimate relationship.”  In November, Brafman asked New York Supreme Court Justice James Burke to dismiss the entire case, but the motion was rejected, paving the way for a probable trial.    The case’s next hearing is set for March 7 and a trial could begin in May.   Since October 2017, Weinstein has been accused of sexual harassment and assault by more than 80 women, including prominent actresses such as Ashley Judd and Angelina Jolie.  The case brought in New York is the only one that has resulted in criminal proceedings against Weinstein.   
  Paris (AFP) – The French government on Wednesday called for former Nissan chief Carlos Ghosn, who has spent the last two months in Japanese custody, to be replaced as head of carmaker Renault.  Economy Minister Bruno Le Maire called for Renault’s board to meet “in the coming days” to pick a “new lasting leadership” to replace the fallen auto titan, who has been charged with under-declaring his income and aggravated breach of trust.    The French state is Renault’s biggest shareholder, owning a 15-percent stake.   
  London (AFP) – British Prime Minister Theresa May invited opposition leaders to meet with her for Brexit talks on Wednesday after surviving a no-confidence vote called after MPs overwelmingly rejected her divorce deal.  “I would like to invite the leaders of parliamentary parties to meet with me individually and I would like to start these meetings tonight,” May told parliament.     
  London (AFP) – British Prime Minister Theresa May’s government saw off a vote of no confidence in parliament on Wednesday, brought after MPs overwhelmingly rejected the Brexit deal.  Main opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn called the vote after Tuesday’s crushing defeat for May over the EU divorce agreement — but her Conservative MPs rallied behind her and the government won the confidence vote by 325 to 306, staving off the threat of a general election.     
  Nairobi (AFP) – The death toll from a bomb and gun attack by Islamist militants on an upmarket hotel complex in Nairobi has risen to 21, Kenya’s police chief said Wednesday.  “We wish to inform that, as of this evening… six other bodies were found at the scene and one police officer succumbed very suddenly to his injuries,” Joseph Boinnet told reporters.     
  Tripoli (AFP) – A new round of clashes between rival militias in Libya’s capital left at least five people dead, the health ministry said Wednesday, four months after fighting killed over 100.  The deaths came hours after the UN’s mission in Libya condemned “the recent military mobilisation of forces in southern Tripoli” despite a UN-brokered ceasefire deal in September which ended clashes that left at least 117 people dead.    The ministry did not specify whether those killed Wednesday were civilians or fighters.   
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Alabama quarterback Jaylen Hurts announced in a story in The Players’ Tribune that he is transferring to Oklahoma.  Hurts reportedly visited Maryland, Miami and Oklahoma before making his choice.      He will be a graduate transfer, meaning he will be eligible to play immediately with the Sooners.    Hurts had quite the extensive career at Alabama. In 2016, he became the first true freshman to start in 32 years. He led the Crimson Tide to the national championship game that season, when they lost to Clemson.  As a sophomore, Hurts guided Alabama to a 13-1 record and another appearance in the national title game. This time, though, he was removed at halftime by coach Nick Saban in favor of true freshman Tua Tagovailoa.  Hurts never regained the starting job, but did appear in all but two games in 2018. He finished his junior season 51 of 70 passing for 765 yards, including eight touchdowns and two interceptions.  According to a report from ESPN, Auburn, Tennessee, Florida State and Ohio State were among the many interested in Hurts.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Lockheed Martin Corp. has been awarded a $69 million contract for programming upgrades for operational F-35 Lightning II, as well as associated training aircraft.  The contract, announced Tuesday by the Department of Defense, calls for the “design, development, documentation, integration and test of upgrades to the U.S. Reprogramming Laboratory to execute the Mission Data programming and reprogramming mission of the plane’s digital channelized receiver/technique generator and tuner insertion program (DTIP), as well as non-DTIP configurations.”      The contract involves modifications to digital equipment in operational aircraft of the U.S. Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps, as well as training aircraft within the continental United States.    Work will be performed at Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Co. in Fort Worth, Texas, as well as in Baltimore, Md., and at Elgin AFB in Florida.  The F-35 was first declared ready for deployment, by the U.S. Marine Corps, in 2015. The Israeli Air Force first used it in combat, in 2018. The United States plans to buy 2,663 F-35s, which will provide the bulk of the future tactical air power of the U.S. military. The plane has also been sold to numerous other countries, as well.  The Pentagon has obligated $20 million from Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps fiscal 2018 funds, as the contract combines purchases for all three branches of the U.S. military.  Work on the contract is expected to complete by May 2021.  
  WASHINGTON (AP) — Shutdown pressure on President Donald Trump mounted Wednesday as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi called on him to delay his Jan. 29 State of the Union address and his own economists acknowledged the prolonged standoff was having a greater economic drag than previously thought.  In a letter to Trump, Pelosi cited security concerns, noting that both the Secret Service and the Homeland Security Department are entangled in the partial government shutdown, now in its fourth week. She added that unless the government reopens this week, they should find another date or Trump should deliver the address in writing.      The White House did not immediately respond to the high-stakes move on the 26th day of the shutdown, as Trump and Democrats are at an impasse over Trump’s demands for $5.7 billion to build a wall along the Mexican border.  Pelosi is refusing money for the wall she views as ineffective and immoral; Democrats say they will discuss border security once the government has reopened.  Trump met a bipartisan group of lawmakers Wednesday that included seven Democrats. Two people who attended the White House meeting agreed it was “productive,” but could not say to what extent Trump was listening or moved by the conversation.    The people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the event candidly, said it seemed at some points as if people were talking past each other. Lawmakers talked about the shutdown’s effect on their constituents and advocated for “border security.” Trump and others on-and-off used the term “wall.” It was not clear if progress had been made, by those accounts.  Meanwhile a group of Republican senators headed to the White House later Wednesday.  Many Republicans are unwilling to sign on to a letter led by Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., and Sen. Chris Coons, D-Del., to re-open the government for three weeks while talks continue.  “Does that help the president or does that hurt the president?” asked Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., among those going to the White House. He has not signed the letter. “If the president saw it as a way to be conciliatory, if he thought it would help, then perhaps it’s a good idea,” he said. “If it’s just seen as a weakening of his position, then he probably wouldn’t do it.”  While Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said she has signed, others said GOP support was lacking. “They’re a little short on the R side,” said Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., another leader of the effort.    Other lawmakers are floating additional plans, but Graham was skeptical any would break through.  “I am running out of ideas,” he said.    “The Democrats are not going to negotiate with the government shut down,” he said. “People in the White House don’t like hearing that. I don’t know what to tell them other than what I actually think.”  Even as administration officials projected confidence in their course, Trump’s economists indicated the shutdown is causing greater economic harm than expected.  Kevin Hassett, chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers, said Tuesday the shutdown is slowing growth more than predicted.    An economic shift could rattle Trump, who has tied his political fortunes to the stock market and repeatedly stressed economic gains as evidence that his tax-cut package and deregulation efforts are succeeding. Economic optimism had already cooled somewhat as Trump’s trade fight with China shook the markets.  Hassett told reporters the White House is doubling its estimate of the strain on the economy of the shutdown, and now calculates that it is slowing growth by about 0.1 percentage points a week.  With the shutdown in its fourth week, that suggests the economy has lost nearly a half-percentage point of growth so far, though some of that occurred at the end of last year and some in the first quarter of this year. Hassett said the economy should get a boost when the government re-opens.  Previous White House estimates of the impact did not fully take into account the effect on people who work for private companies that contract with the government to provide services, Hassett said.  While the hit to the overall economy so far remains slight, economists foresee real damage if the shutdown drags into February or beyond.  Roughly 1 million government employees and contractors aren’t being paid. Travel plans are compromised by shuttered federal parks and airport delays. Some Americans trying to start small businesses face delays in obtaining the required tax identification number from the IRS.  White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters that the economy remained strong.  “I know there has been some impact, but at the same time we’re focused on the long term economic principles the president has laid out,” she said.  The House and Senate said they will cancel a recess later this week if the shutdown continues, which seemed likely.  The president, on a conference call with supporters Tuesday, showed no signs of backing down.  “We’re going to stay out for a long time, if we have to,” Trump said. He also suggested the partial shutdown, which has clogged airport security lines and shuttered federal agencies, was going smoothly.  Behind the scenes, though, the administration and its allies on Capitol Hill are warily eyeing the next payday. They hope to reach a resolution before a Tuesday deadline, when they’ll need to prepare the next round of paychecks for workers who have been seeing zeros on their pay slips.  Trump, who a week ago seemed intent on declaring a national emergency in order to build the wall, has turned his attention back to Congress as polling suggests he is taking much of the blame for the standoff.  ___  For AP’s complete coverage of the U.S. government shutdown: https://apnews.com/GovernmentShutdown  ___  Associated Press writers Chris Rugaber, Darlene Superville, Matthew Daly, Jonathan Lemire, Alan Fram, Andrew Taylor, Laurie Kellman, Elana Schor and Ken Sweet contributed to this report  
  Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) on Wednesday criticized House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s (D-CA) decision to disinvite President Donald Trump from delivering his State of the Union Address, telling MSNBC anchor Hallie Jackson that he believes it is the “wrong approach” to handle security concerns as the partial government shutdown continues.    A partial transcript is as follows:   HALLIE JACKSON: Let me start with Nancy Pelosi saying security concerns is the reason why she’s essentially uninviting the president. Do you think that’s why? Or is this a political power play?  SEN. JOE MANCHIN: I’m not sure what her intentions are. I have much respect for Speaker Pelosi, but I think this is a wrong approach to be taking right now.  JACKSON: Her approach?  MANCHIN: The approach by saying we’re going to shut this down and not have because of security. I think our staff, and I spoke to Capitol police, I think they’re still in place and they’re still getting paid.  JACKSON: So, do you think, then, that the president should come and deliver a State of the Union no matter what on the 29th?  MANCHIN: Well, it’s not no matter what. I think he has to be invited by the House, as I understand, because we’re in their chamber.  JACKSON: Sure. Would you encourage the speaker to reconsider and allow the president to come?  MANCHIN: I would always encourage that we should try to have every type of respectful dialogue we possibly can.     
  President Donald Trump held a bipartisan meeting with congressional members on Wednesday as he welcomed the “Problem Solvers Caucus” to the White House.  “The President and his team had a constructive meeting with bipartisan members of the problem solvers caucus,” White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said in a statement. “They listened to one another and now both have a good understanding of what the other wants. We look forward to more conversations like this.”  But Democrat members indicated prior to the meeting that conversations about border security funding could not begin until the government reopened, signaling the same message House Speaker Nancy Pelosi gave.      “There is also strong agreement that if we reopen the government, the possibility exists to work together and find common ground to tackle some of our country’s toughest problems and fix them,” they wrote in a statement. “But that conversation can only begin in earnest once the government is reopened.”    The Democrat members of the bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus include Reps. Josh Gottheimer, Thomas Suozzi, Vincente Gonzalez, Anthony Brindisi, Dean Phillips, Max Rose, and Abigail Spanberger.  The meeting was closed to the press and held privately in the Situation Room in the White House.  
  During Attorney General nominee William Barr’s hearing on Wednesday, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Lindsey Graham (R-SC) addressed the deadly attack in Syria that occurred earlier in the day and expressed concern that Syria is turning out the way Iraq did.  Graham said, “My concern about the statements made by President Trump, is that you would set in motion enthusiasm by the enemy we’re fighting. You make people we’re trying to help wonder about us. And as they get bolder, the people we’re trying to help are going to get more uncertain. We saw this in Iraq, and are now seeing it in Syria.”      (h/t Mediaite)  Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett  
  Rio de Janeiro (AFP) – Brazilian plane-maker Embraer on Wednesday revised downwards its forecast for its 2018 full-year results, notably saying that deliveries of private jets would come in well under the predicted number.  In a note to investors, it said it would register pre-tax income of around $5.1 billion, down from the $5.4-5.9 billion range it had initially forecast.      This year, it expects to break even, in part because of costs associated with a tie-up of its commercial business with US giant Boeing. It expects to pay out $1.6 billion in dividends by year’s end because of the joint venture.    Embraer said that “global market conditions for executive jets, although gradually improving, continue to recover more slowly than expected,” and that it delivered 91 business jets last year, instead of the 105-125 predicted.  In 2019, the company expects to deliver 90-110 executive jets and 85-95 commercial jets, for revenue of $5.3-5.7 billion.  The Boeing-Embraer joint venture, announced in July 2018, suffered some turbulence in recent weeks, notably because of some hesitations voiced by new Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro.  But Bolsonaro ended up giving the green light to the deal, which will create a joint entity valued at $5.2 billion.  Embraer is the third-biggest plane-maker in the world. Privatized in 1994, it makes aircraft in the civilian and military markets. The latter are exempt from the Boeing tie-up.  Under the deal with Boeing, the US company will take 80 percent control of Embraer’s civilian business, putting it in a position to offer commercial planes with up to 150 seats.  
  Paris (AFP) – A no-deal Brexit would be disruptive not only for Britain but many businesses in the European Union as the free flow of goods is tripped up by the reimposition of regulations and borders.  Leaders of trade associations urged their members to prepare for the worst and expect chaos if Britain exits the EU on March 29 without any agreement on at least transitory trade arrangements.      A no-deal Brexit “is absolutely unacceptable for the European business community,” said Markus Beyrer, head of the BusinessEurope.  “It will create chaos and disarray and must be avoided.”  – Carmakers vulnerable –    Auto manufacturers have supply chains that criss-cross the Channel and Britain is the destination of around 10 percent of vehicles assembled on the continent.  “Sometimes certain parts travel five or six times across the border between the UK and the continent,” said economist Carsten Brzeski at ING Diba.  – Brexit bitter for medicine makers –  The European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA) warned “there are very real, tangible and immediate threats to patient safety and public health in both the UK and across Europe” from a hard Brexit.  Analysts warn the most immediate threat is border snarls causing ruptures of supplies, while longer-term manufacturers in both the UK and the EU will no longer benefit from being in the same regulatory enviroment with mutual recognition of approvals for drugs.    – Travel frustrated –  Under the latest guidance from the EU, current flight schedules should be unaffected from a hard Brexit. But the industry is concerned that this could crimp the sector’s ability to respond to customer demand going forward.  “A ‘no deal’ Brexit could lead to a cap on flights that will stunt important economic opportunities and may lead to higher prices for consumers,” the International Air Transport Association warned.  A no-deal Brexit means passengers transiting through EU airports will risk having to go through security controls again, potentially causing delays.  Ports will need to build or expand facilities to conduct inspections as well as collecting different taxes.  – Banks ‘well prepared’ –  Wim Mijs, Chief Executive Officer of the European Banking Federation, said “banks across Europe are well prepared and continue to implement their Brexit contingency plans”, while urging the British political establishment to quickly find a way forward.  But the cost of that preparation hasn’t been negligible, and the bill will go higher with a hard Brexit, bankers said.  burs-rl/dcr  
  Paris (AFP) – Three in five species of wild coffee are at risk of extinction as a deadly mix of climate change, disease and deforestation puts the future of the world’s favourite beverage in jeopardy, new research warned Wednesday.  More than two billion cups of coffee are consumed every day, but the multi-billion-dollar industry is reliant on wild varieties grown in just a few regions to maintain commercial crop variety and adapt to changing threats posed by pests.      Scientists at Britain’s Kew Royal Botanic Gardens used the latest computer modelling techniques and on-the-ground research to predict how the 124 coffee varieties listed as endangered might fare as the planet continues to warm and ecosystems are decimated.   Some 75 coffee species were assessed as being threatened with extinction: 13 classed as critically endangered, 40 as endangered, including coffea arabica, and 22 as vulnerable.  “Overall, the fact that the extinction risk across all coffee species was so high — nearly 60 percent — that’s way above normal extinction risk figures for plants,” Aaron Davis, head of coffee research at Kew, told AFP.    “It’s up there with the most endangered plant groups. In another way, it’s hardly surprising because a lot of species are hard to find, grow in restricted areas… some have a population only the size of a football pitch.”  Global coffee production currently relies on just two species: arabica and robusta.   Arabica, prized for its acidity and flavour, accounts for roughly 60 percent of all coffee sold worldwide. It exists in the wild in just two countries: Ethiopia and South Sudan.   The team at Kew accessed climate data recorded in Ethiopia going back more than 40 years to measure how quickly the coffee’s natural habitat was being eroded by deforestation and rising temperatures.   They found that nearly a third of all wild Arabica species were grown outside conservation areas.    “You’ve also got the fact that a lot of those protected areas are still under threat from deforestation and encroachment, so it doesn’t mean they are secure,” said Davis, lead author of the research published in the journal Science Advances.  – ‘Fair price’ –  As well as the inconvenience — not to mention sleepiness — consumers would face from a coffee shortfall, the authors expressed concern over the livelihoods of farmers, many of whom are being forced to relocate as climate change ravages their crops.   “Ethiopia is the home of Arabica coffee,” said Tadesse Woldermariam Gole, senior researcher for environment, climate change and coffee at the Forest Forum.   “Given the importance of Arabica coffee to Ethiopia, and the world, we need to do our utmost to understand the risks facing its survival.”    Davis said wholesalers needed to ensure producers were paid a fair price so they could future-proof production by investing in better growing practices and conserving a varied stock.   In addition, governments must preserve and regenerate forests to help both wild and farmed coffee grow more easily, said the team behind the research.  Davis was keen to point out however that there is no current shortage of one of the world’s most valuable commodities.  “As a coffee drinker you don’t need to worry in the short term,” he said.   “What we are saying is that in the long term if we don’t act now to preserve those key resources we don’t have a very bright future for coffee farming.”  The new study found the enigmatic coffea stenophylla, known as the highland coffee of Sierra Leone, which is said to surpass arabica in flavour.  It had not been seen in the wild since 1954, and has all but vanished from coffee plantations and botanic gardens.  But a December 2018 expedition to the last known locality found a single plant followed by others after several hours of trekking.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — British Prime Minister Theresa May narrowly survived another no-confidence vote Wednesday, one day after Parliament overwhelmingly struck down her Brexit plan.  The House of Commons voted 325-306 in favor of May’s government. The Conservative Party leader said she wants to begin talks with the leaders of opposition parties on a path forward on Brexit terms.      Both Labor leader Jeremy Corbyn and Liberal Democrat leader Ed Davey said they would only engage in talks if May rules out a no-deal Brexit. Meanwhile, SNP leader Ian Blackford said the possibility of a second referendum and extending article 50 must be options for him to take part in talks.    The House of Commons handily rejected May’s plan to leave the European Union in a lopsided 432-202 vote Tuesday. One of the biggest hang-ups has been finding a solution to how the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland will be handled.  Nigel Farage, a British politician and one of the most vocal Brexit supporters, slammed both May and lawmakers before Tuesday’s vote. On ITV’s Good Morning Britain, he blamed lawmakers for not supporting “the will of the people” and criticized May for “weak” leadership in getting a deal done.  On the other side, a group of more than 70 Labor Party legislators said renegotiation of a Brexit deal is futile and a second referendum must be held. The first, in 2016, started Britain’s departure process.  “We now face a moment of national crisis, where the facts and the views of many people have changed and are continuing to change,” the group said. “It is now clear renegotiation is not a realistic prospect. No deal would be a catastrophe which we must resolutely oppose.  May beat back a no-confidence vote in her Conservative Party last month after indicating she would step down as prime minister before the 2022 election.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — A Maryland man is celebrating a $50,000 lottery win after his father reminded him to check a ticket that had been on his dashboard for two months.  The 28-year-old man told Maryland Lottery officials he didn’t want any change from a Nov. 4 purchase at Royal Farms #66 in Baltimore so he asked for a Bonus Match 5 ticket.      “I hate change so I said give me a Lottery ticket,” the winner said. “I’ve probably purchased maybe four tickets. Total. Ever.”    The man said he put the ticket on the dashboard of his car and forgot about it until two months later, when his dad asked about it.  “It was on the dashboard of my car. I gave it to my dad to check,” he said. “I never checked it until Pops told me to check.”  The man said he was skeptical when his father told him the ticket was a $50,000 winner.  “I told him he was full of [it],” the man said.  The winner said he plans to use the money to make “a good down payment on a house” and treat his father.  “I’m going to get him a nice steak dinner in D.C.,” the man said.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — BAE Systems Hawaii Shipyards Inc. received a $9.7 million modification to a contract for repairs to the USS Halsey, according to the Department of Defense.  The Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer, commissioned in 2005, will receive structural repairs and systems upgrades at its home base of Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.      The contract award, announced on Tuesday, is a modification to a previously-awarded contract for scheduled Surface Incremental Availability.    In May, the USS Halsey returned to its home port after a seven-month deployment with the Navy’s 5th and 7th Fleets.  The ship supported maritime security operations, freedom of navigation operations and theater security cooperation efforts in the South China Sea, Arabian Sea, and surrounding waters. It also participated in exercises with the Australian, French and Thai navies, and visited ports in Bahrain and Oman.  The Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard and Intermediate Maintenance Facility at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, is the contracting agent on the award.  Work on the ship is expected to be completed by May.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — South Korean boy band Astro is back with new music.  The K-pop group returned Wednesday with the album All Light and a music video for the single “All Night.”      The “All Night” video shows JinJin, MJ, Cha-Eunwoo, Moon Bin, Rocky and Sanha sing and dance in a lavish mansion and lush greenhouse.    “ASTRO 1ST ALBUM [All Light],” the group’s agency, Fantagio Music, tweeted Wednesday. “‘All Night’ M/V OPEN! #ASTRO #AllLight #AllNight.”  All Light marks Astro’s first official release since the EP Dream Part.02, which debuted in November 2017. The group promoted the album at a showcase Wednesday in Seoul.  “Since we had a long hiatus for over a year, our new album really means something to us,” MJ said, according to The Korea Herald. “We tried to fill every song with our efforts and we are very excited about it.”  Astro made its debut as a group in 2016. The boy band is known for the singles “Hide and Seek,” “Baby” and “Crazy Sexy Cool.”  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — A Japanese drilling ship is boring a hole beneath the seabed at the Nankai Trough, a major earthquake-prone hot spot, according to multiple reports.  Japanese news service The Page reported Wednesday scientists are using the scientific drilling ship Chikyu, operated by a subdivision of the Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology, or JAMSTEC, to conduct research.      JAMSTEC said Tuesday the drilling began at Nankai Trough starting November 2017. The submarine trough is located south of the Nankaido region of Honshu island.  The Japanese marine science agency said the ship was halfway through with drilling activities, and that it had set a “world record” by successfully digging a 3,262.5-meter-long hole into the ocean bed by mid-December 2018.  The hole collapsed afterward, and the team has since begun digging a new hole.    The ship is expected to return to port on March 21, after collecting rocks from an area about 5,200 meters below the seabed in the earthquake-prone Nankai Trough.  Shinichi Kuramoto of the Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science Technology told Yomiuri Shimbun the group is under the pressure of time, but they still wish to reach their target.  Online commenters in Japan are divided over the project, with some people expressing unease over the drilling taking place in the Nankai Trough.  The 1944 Tonankai earthquake, with an estimated magnitude of 8.1, originated from areas of the Nankai Trough, as well as a similar earthquake in 1946.  Tremors continue to be reported in the country, most recently as Monday, when a magnitude 4.9 earthquake shook eastern Japan.  No tsunami warning was issued following the quake, according to the Mainichi.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Leidos Inc. has been awarded a $9.7 million contract in support of the Saturn Arch Arial Intelligence System.  The contract, announced Tuesday by the Department of Defense, is for support of the system, which is used for day and night image collection that allows the Army to monitor improvised explosive device, or IED, “hot spot” areas.      Saturn Arch is an aerial IED-neutralizing surveillance platform, using a variety of platforms and sensor assets for detecting and assisting in the removal of enemy IEDs and other threats.    The program has been in service since 2010, and has grown to include more conventional ISR, or intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, missions. It is designed to share data with Afghan security forces and other international partners.  IEDs have been the biggest killer of U.S. forces in Afghanistan since 2001. The U.S. military has invested heavily in systems capable of detecting and jamming them.  The platforms use manned and unmanned aircraft with electro-optical and infrared sensors, ground-penetrating radar, and radio-frequency detectors to locate IEDs, allowing friendly forces to either avoid or disable them.  Leidos’ work will be performed at its Bridgewater, Va., facility, and is expected to be completed by September.  The Army has obligated $2 million to the company from fiscal 2018 other procurement Army funds at the time of the award.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Nike has unveiled a new version of its Air Mac 1 golf sneakers featuring a grass-like turf material to make the shoes blend in with the course.  The Nike Air Max1 Golf “Grass” shoes, first unveiled by website Sole Collector., feature a covering of grass-like turf material on the top and sides of the shoes.      The website said the shoes feature the same Zoom Air midsole and gum rubber outsole as other Air Max 1 models.  Nike has not yet announced a release date for the shoes, but they are expected to retail for $140.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Schizophrenia may come from a structural abnormality caused by a genetic mutation in the brain during childhood, a study says.  The increase of putamen volume in the brains of 14-year-olds led to a significantly higher risk for schizophrenia, according to research published this month in JAMA Psychiatry.      “The study has integrated more than 10,000 cases of image genetics data from over 20 universities and research institutes from six countries, including IMAGEN in EU, SYS in Canada, UK Biobank, 3C of France and LIBD of US,” Feng Jianfeng, researcher from the Department of Computer Science at the University of Warwick and study author, in a press release.    The International Psychiatric Genetics Research Group had previously associated with putamen levels in the brain with schizophrenia. Now they believe they’ve established a gene to brain pathway for mental illness.  They say SNP rs13107325 on a zinc-transporter gene SLC39A8 mutation interrupts the development of putamen volume in young brains, which increases schizophrenia risk by adulthood.  Schizophrenia is normally preceded by subtle anti-social changes in behavior, that lead to a full-blown diagnosis, usually between the late teen years and early thirties. It normally appears earlier in men than women, according to the National Institutes of Health.  The NIH says that schizophrenia is among the top 15 leading causes of disability around the world. Nearly 5 percent of people with schizophrenia die from suicide.  This study has pointed to a new pathway that disrupts the growth of adolescent brains that ultimately elevates the risk of mental illness.  “Major difficulties this kind of research needs to overcome is that genetic control of brain changes with age,” Jianfeng said. “Previous studies have not strictly controlled the confounding effect of age on the gene-brain association, and this confounding effect may blur such association.”  
  LONDON (AP) — British Prime Minister Theresa May survived a no-confidence vote in Parliament on Wednesday to remain in office — but saw more of her power ebb away as she battled to keep Brexit on track after lawmakers demolished her European Union divorce deal.  May won a narrow victory, 325 votes to 306 votes, on an opposition motion seeking to topple her government and trigger a general election.      Now it’s back to Brexit, where May is caught between the rock of her own red lines and the hard place of a Parliament that wants to force a radical change of course.  After winning the vote, May promised to hold talks with leaders of opposition parties and other lawmakers, starting immediately, in a bid to find a way forward for Britain’s EU exit.  Legislators ripped up May’s Brexit blueprint Tuesday by rejecting the divorce agreement she has negotiated with the EU over the last two years. That it would lose was widely expected, but the scale of the rout — 432 votes to 202, the biggest defeat for a government in British parliamentary history — was devastating for May’s leadership and her Brexit deal.    Opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn responded with the no-confidence motion, and urged the government to “do the right thing and resign.”  May, who leads a fractious government, a divided Parliament and a gridlocked Brexit process, said she was staying put. May said an election “would deepen division when we need unity, it would bring chaos when we need certainty, and it would bring delay when we need to move forward.”  The government survived Wednesday’s vote with support from May’s Conservative Party and its Northern Irish ally, the Democratic Unionist Party. Many pro-Brexit Conservatives who voted against May’s deal, backed her in the no-confidence vote to avoid an election that could bring a left-wing Labour government to power.  Had the government lost, Britain would have faced a snap election within weeks, just before the country is due to leave the European Union on March 29.  Political analyst Anand Menon, from the research group U.K. in a Changing Europe, said May had a remarkable ability to soldier on.    “The thing about Theresa May is that nothing seems to faze her,” he said. “She just keeps on going.”  May’s determination — or, as her foes see it, her inflexibility — might not be an asset in a situation calling for a change of course. The prime minister has until Monday to come up with a new Brexit plan, and has promised to consult with senior lawmakers from across the political spectrum on her next moves.    But she also said any new Brexit plan must “deliver on the referendum result,” which May has long interpreted to mean ending the free movement of workers to Britain from the EU and leaving the EU’s single market and customs union.  Many lawmakers think a softer departure that retained single market or customs union membership is the only plan capable of winning a majority in Parliament. They fear the alternative is an abrupt “no-deal” withdrawal from the bloc, which businesses and economists fear would cause turmoil.  Labour lawmaker Ben Bradshaw accused May of being “in a total state of denial” about how radically her Brexit plan needed to change.    Green party legislator Caroline Lucas said May’s intransigence had led to the current crisis.  “This is a national calamity of the prime minister’s own making,” Lucas said. “Today has to be the day when we start to change the conversation about Brexit.”  Faced with the deadlock, lawmakers from all parties are trying to wrest control of the Brexit process so that Parliament can direct planning for Britain’s departure.  But with no clear majority in Parliament for any single alternative, there’s a growing chance that Britain may seek to postpone its departure date while politicians work on a new plan — or even hand the decision back to voters in a new referendum on Britain’s EU membership.  Pro-EU lawmaker Dominic Grieve introduced a bill Wednesday that aims to lay the groundwork for a second referendum, which he called “the only way out of the current crisis.”  European leaders are now preparing for the worst, although German Chancellor Angela Merkel said there was still time for further talks. She told reporters in Berlin that “we are now waiting to see what the British prime minister proposes.”  But her measured remarks contrasted with the blunt message from French President Emmanuel Macron, who told Britons to “figure it out yourselves.” He said Britain needed to get realistic about what was possible.  “Good luck to the representatives of the nation who have to implement something that doesn’t exist,” Macron said.  EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said the bloc was stepping up preparations for a disorderly “no-deal” Brexit after Parliament’s actions left Europe “fearing more than ever that there is a risk” of a cliff-edge departure.  Economists warn that an abrupt break with the EU could batter the British economy and bring chaos at borders, ports and airports. Business groups have expressed alarm at the prospect of a no-deal exit.  France’s parliament on Wednesday adopted a law allowing for emergency measures, including extra customs officers, to deal with a “no-deal” Brexit.  May’s deal was doomed by deep opposition from both sides of the divide over the U.K.’s place in Europe. Pro-Brexit lawmakers say the deal will leave Britain bound indefinitely to EU rules, while pro-EU politicians favor an even closer economic relationship with the bloc.  The most contentious section was an insurance policy known as the “backstop” designed to prevent the reintroduction of border controls between the U.K.’s Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, an EU member state. Assurances from EU leaders that the backstop is intended as a temporary measure of last resort failed to win over many British lawmakers.  Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said it was now up to opponents of the backstop “to come up with an alternative solution to honor their commitment to avoiding a hard border.”  Varadkar said if May’s government was willing to shift some of its “red lines” in negotiations — such as leaving the customs union and EU single market — then the position of EU negotiators would also change.  “The onus is on Westminster” to come up with solutions, Varadkar said  ___  Raf Casert in Strasbourg, France, Frank Jordans in Berlin, Sylvie Corbet in Paris and Pan Pylas in London, contributed.  ___  Follow AP’s full coverage of Brexit at: https://www.apnews.com/Brexit  
  LONDON (AP) — The Latest on Brexit (all times local):  7:20 p.m.      British Prime Minister Theresa May’s government has survived a no-confidence vote called after May’s Brexit deal was overwhelmingly rejected by lawmakers.  The House of Commons expressed confidence in the government by 325 votes to 306, meaning May can remain in office.  Had the government lost, Britain would have faced an election within weeks while preparing to leave the European Union on March 29.    Despite the reprieve, May faces a monumental struggle to find a way out of her country’s Brexit impasse. She has until Monday to come up with a new blueprint for Britain’s EU exit after the deal she reached with the EU went down to a crushing defeat in Parliament on Tuesday.  ___  6:10 p.m.  France’s parliament has adopted a law allowing for emergency measures to deal with Britain’s March 29 exit from the EU.  The National Assembly voted Wednesday on the final reading of a special law drafted to handle a “no-deal” Brexit.    The law includes things like extra customs officers after Brexit day, and a temporary rule allowing Britons employed in France to keep their jobs after March 29 even though they will no longer be EU citizens.  European Affairs Minister Nathalie Loiseau called for calm, but stressed the importance of having a contingency plan. Supporters argued the French law was especially necessary after the British Parliament on Tuesday overwhelmingly rejected a divorce deal negotiated between the U.K. government and the EU.    That deal had laid out ways to smooth over the transition. Without a deal, it’s unclear how both sides will handle cross-border trade, finance and travel when Britain leaves.  ___  4:45 p.m.    A top French border police official says checks of the English Channel for illegal immigration won’t change after Britain leaves the European Union on March 29.  Franck Toulliou, the second-in-command of France’s Air and Frontier Police, said French authorities will continue monitoring freight trucks that migrants try to hop in Calais before the vehicles enter the tunnel that leads to England.  French maritime authorities are also cracking down on boats carrying migrants, which the area has seen a recent spike in.  In an interview with The Associated Press on Wednesday Toulliou warned that Brexit will affect travelers with British passports seeking to enter France since they will no longer be EU residents.  He spoke after British lawmakers rejected a divorce deal laying out rules for Britain’s transition out of the EU.  ___  2: 30 p.m.  French fishermen are expressing fear that seafood supplies would be hard-hit if Britain leaves the European Union without a deal on post-Brexit relations with the EU.  Gerard Romiti, president of France’s national committee for fisheries, said in a statement issued Wednesday: “We are navigating through troubled waters.”  Fishermen from northwestern France heavily rely on access to British waters in the Atlantic Ocean, English Channel and North Sea, which now is granted and regulated by EU rules.  The French committee urged European and French authorities to take “all necessary actions” to anticipate the potential impacts of a no-deal Brexit on fishing fleets and the sustainability of fisheries resources.  ___  1:30 p.m.  British lawmakers have begun debating a motion of no-confidence in Prime Minister Theresa May’s government.  Opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn called for a confidence vote after the House of Commons overwhelmingly rejected May’s Brexit deal with the European Union.  Opening the debate, Corbyn said the defeat was the biggest in British history and called on the government to “do the right thing and resign.”  He said that “if a government cannot get its legislation through Parliament, it must go to the country for a new mandate.”  May has refused to resign, and is likely to win Wednesday’s vote with backing from her Conservative Party and its Democratic Unionist Party allies. If she loses, the country likely faces a snap general election.  ___  12:40 p.m.  Irish leader Leo Varadkar says that it is now up to the British government to come up with alternatives to avoid an exit from the European Union without an agreement.  Varadkar says that if Prime Minister Theresa May’s government is willing to shift some of its so-called red lines in negotiations, then the position of negotiators in the EU would also change.  The Irish prime minister says that “the onus is on Westminster” to come up with solutions. Varadkar says “we’ve always said that if the United Kingdom were to evolve its red lines on the customs union and the single market, that the European position would evolve also.”  EU negotiator Michel Barnier also said Wednesday that if May shifts the red lines they will open the political declaration on future relations.  ___  11:35 a.m.  Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila is urging all British citizens living the Nordic country to immediately register at Finland’s immigration service to make sure they receive a living permit in case of no-deal Brexit.  Sipila told Finnish news agency STT Wednesday that the temporary permit will be issued so that the 5,000 Britons currently living in the country of 5.5 million can continue their stay if Britain exits the European Union without a deal.  He said the likelihood of a no-deal Brexit has increased as a result of the British parliament’s decision to reject Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal Tuesday.  The Finnish government’s social benefits office Kela said there may be major changes to what social benefits British citizens in Finland may be entitled to in case of a Brexit without an agreement, but did not provide details.  ___  11:10 a.m.  French wine and spirits makers are warning that Britain crashing out of the European Union without a deal could hurt trade.  A day after British Prime Minister Theresa May suffered an overwhelming defeat over her Brexit deal, the federation of French wine and spirits exporters said Tuesday that “the specter of a ‘no deal’ could have serious consequences for the economy and the citizens of both parties.”  According to the federation, called FEVS, Britain is France’s second-biggest destination for exports of spirits and wine and France imports a large quantity of British spirits.  FEVS President Antoine Leccia said: “This vote is prejudicial to the historical and fruitful commercial relationship between our countries.”  ___  11 a.m.  A top official at the French presidency said Europeans would make no concessions on Brexit that would damage the European Union’s core principles, including the integrity of the single market.  The French official said that any request by Britain to seek an extension to the Brexit timetable would need to come with a new plan and a strategy from the British government.  The official was speaking anonymously in line with the French presidency’s customary practice.  He added that “nobody believes” the European Union would now be “weak and febrile.” ”And I don’t think Theresa May believes it”, he added.  The French parliament votes on Wednesday afternoon to adopt preparatory measures to get the country ready in case of no deal.  – By Sylvie Corbet  ___  10:50 a.m.  Russia’s foreign minister says Moscow isn’t taking any sides in the controversy over Britain’s exit from the European Union.  Sergey Lavrov was speaking Wednesday at a news conference a day after the British parliament overwhelmingly rejected British Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal.  He rejected allegations that Russia was gloating in the turmoil, saying that Russia is interested in seeing a “united, strong and, most importantly, independent European Union.”  Lavrov reaffirmed that Russia would stand ready to develop ties with Britain and the EU irrespective of the outcome of talks on British departure from the EU.  ___  10:10 a.m.  German Chancellor Angela Merkel says there’s still time for negotiations between the European Union and Britain over its departure from the bloc.  Merkel says that she regretted the decision by British lawmakers to oppose the agreement negotiated by British Prime Minister Theresa May and the EU.  Merkel told reporters in Berlin that “we will of course do everything to find an orderly solution, but we are also prepared if there is no orderly solution.”  Merkel said “we still have time to negotiate, but we are now waiting to see what the British prime minister proposes.”  ___  9:45 a.m.  Bank of England Governor Mark Carney says financial markets appear to have taken a fairly benign view of the big defeat of Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal and seem to believe Brexit may be delayed.  Addressing lawmakers on the Treasury Select Committee, Carney said Wednesday that the market reaction since Tuesday evening’s vote indicates that investors think the “prospect of no deal may have diminished.”  Carney made clear that wasn’t necessarily his view and that he wouldn’t put too much stock on short-term movements in financial markets. But he also said the move higher in the pound could be an indication that investors think the date when Britain leaves the European Union will be extended.  He said the market interpretation of May’s 230-vote defeat reflects “some expectation the process of resolution would be extended.”  At present the country is due to leave on March 29 but the government could ask the EU to extend that date.  On Wednesday, the pound was up 0.2 percent at $1.2888.  ___  9:35 a.m.  Germany’s foreign minister says “the time for little games is now over” on Brexit because the clock is ticking to avert a hard rupture between the U.K. and the European Union.  Heiko Maas suggested British lawmakers who voted against the deal negotiated by Prime Minister Theresa May should recognize the importance of the issue, adding that “we need a solution, and we need it quickly.”  Maas told Deutschlandfunk radio that British lawmakers in London so far had only shown “what they don’t want, and that’s not enough.”  He dismissed the notion that May might get a substantially better deal if she goes back to Brussels, saying “if there was anything else one could have offered Britain it would have had to have been done in the last weeks.”  Maas wouldn’t rule out extending the March 29 deadline for Brexit, but noted that “this won’t really be easy, because we have the European elections in May.”  ___  9:15 a.m.  U.K. financial markets have taken the overwhelming defeat of Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal in stride.  The pound was up 0.1 percent at $1.2869 in early morning trading, while the FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was down 0.1 percent at 6,888.  Though uncertainty surrounding Britain’s exit from the European Union remains elevated, many in the markets think May’s defeat by lawmakers Tuesday evening makes it less likely the country will crash out of the bloc on March 29 with no deal.  James Smith, an economist at ING, says the “calm market response” suggests investors think at the very least that the government will end up having to seek an extension to the Brexit timetable.  Traders will remain focused on developments in Parliament later, where lawmakers will vote on whether they have confidence in the government.  ___  9:10 a.m.  The head of an influential German business lobby group says the U.K. Parliament’s vote against the Brexit deal with the European Union shows “hysteria has won.”  Joachim Lang, chief executive of the Federation of German Industries, says that lawmakers’ rejection of the deal is “dramatic” and “the chance to find a way out of this chaos has been passed up for now.”  The group, known by its German acronym BDI, warned that Britain is getting closer to a disorderly departure from the EU and “the responsibility for avoiding this lies solely with the government and opposition in London.”  The BDI said trade in goods and services between Germany and Britain amounts to about 175 billion euros ($200 billion) a year.  It said “any uncertainty would endanger tens of thousands of companies and hundreds of thousands of jobs in Germany and especially in the United Kingdom.”  ___  9 a.m.  Britain’s envoy to Germany says the European Union might help avert a “no-deal” Brexit if it’s prepared to shift its position on the terms of future border controls with Ireland.  Britain’s ambassador in Berlin, Sebastian Wood, says that the current “backstop ” solution is opposed both by U.K. lawmakers who want the country to leave the EU, and those who don’t.  In an interview with German public broadcaster ARD, Wood noted that Britain wouldn’t have the right to get out of the backstop unilaterally “and many have noticed this.”  He said “this might be the most important question in the coming days and weeks, and the EU can perhaps be a little helpful in that area.”  ___  8:50 a.m.  British Prime Minister Theresa May faces a no-confidence vote a day after Parliament rejected her Brexit deal by an historic margin.  May is battling to save her job after staking her political reputation on a last-ditch effort to win support for the divorce agreement she negotiated with the European Union. Though defeat was widely expected, the scale of the rout — 432-202 — was devastating for May’s leadership.  Immediately after the vote, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn tabled a no-confidence motion, saying it will give Parliament a chance to give its verdict “on the sheer incompetence of this government.”  Still, most analysts predict May will survive because her Conservative Party and the Democratic Unionist Party, which supports it, are expected to vote against the motion.  ___  8:15 a.m.  European Union Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says the bloc is stepping up preparations for a chaotic no-deal departure of Britain from the bloc after the rejection of the draft withdrawal deal in London left the EU “fearing more than ever that there is a risk” of a cliff-edge departure.  Barnier regretted Westminster’s massive rejection of the deal he negotiated with the government of British Prime Minister Theresa May and said that any future deal would still have to include approving the withdrawal agreement.  He said Wednesday that “whatever happens, ratification of the withdrawal agreement is necessary. It is a precondition.”  He said that a linked political declaration offered “possible options” for further talks.  
  Cortina d’Ampezzo (Italy) (AFP) – American speed queen Lindsey Vonn conceded it was with a lot of emotion she was preparing to open her injury-delayed final season at Cortina d’Ampezzo as she continues her push to close in on Ingemar Stenmark’s long-time record of World Cup wins.  Vonn — who has 82 World Cup wins to her name — was due to make her comeback last weekend in St Anton after she injured her knee in a training crash in November.      But the downhill and Super G races in the Austrian resort were called off due to heavy snowfall.   So instead the 34-year-old returns in the Italian Dolomites where she has racked up 12 World Cup wins — six downhill and six super G.  “I was hoping this last season would be different, starting with Lake Louise (the curtain-raising event she was forced to abandon following injury),” Vonn told a press conference on Wednesday with her dog Lucy on her lap.    “Nothing in life seems to happen like I want. I’m just going to play the cards I’m dealt.”  Vonn will compete in downhill races on Friday and Saturday and the super-G on Sunday.  “My coach wasn’t happy about my skiing in St Anton, it being cancelled just gave me the chance to train more,” she continued.  “If there’s a place, minus Lake Louise, that I could make a return then I think Cortina would be number one on my list.  “I want to really enjoy my last time in Cortina. I’m very excited, of course, but I’m here to win same as ever.”    – ‘Determined’ –  Vonn earned her first World Cup podium in Cortina back in 2004 and she broke the all-time women’s wins record with her 63rd in the Dolomites resort in 2015, watched by her then-boyfriend Tiger Woods.  “I have the determination to continue for many years but my body is not on the same page as me. Unfortunately this is my last chance down the Tofana.  “It’s kind of a lot to process, a lot going on. I’m trying to enjoy it as much as I can without getting to stressed out.   “I love it here. Maybe in my old age maybe I’m getting more emotional.”  Vonn is currently four adrift of Swede Ingemar Stenmark’s record of 86 World Cup wins.  “I never had the dream (record). My dream was of the Olympics. The question came up here after the 63rd win,” she said.   “It was something I never thought would be even remotely achievable. You shoot for the stars and hopefully you get something.”  
  San Francisco (AFP) – Mobile app downloads are surging around the world with growth in smartphone use, with nearly half coming from China, a market tracker said Wednesday.  Mobile research firm App Annie forecast that the amount of money spent on apps for smartphones or tablet computers this year will grow five times as fast as the global economy, surpassing $120 billion.      “Games will fuel the bulk of consumer spend growth in the app stores, as mobile gaming will continue to be the fastest growing form of gaming,” the firm’s State of Mobile report said.  “China will remain the largest contributor to consumer spend growth in the app stores; however, we expect to see a slight deceleration in the aftermath of the game licensing freeze in China.”  Some 194 billion mobile apps were downloaded worldwide last year, with people spending a total of $101 billion on them or in them, according to the report.    China accounted for nearly 50 percent of total downloads of apps for Apple or Android mobile devices, App Annie indicated.  The top five mobile apps based on usage were Facebook, WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, WeChat and Instagram in that order, placing offerings from the US-based social network in all but one of the spots.  “The technological race between US and China surfaced in mobile with companies headquartered in the US and China generating more than half of total consumer spend in the top 300 parent companies in 2018,” App Annie said.  “China came out ahead.”  Chinese companies accounted $19.6 billion of global consumer spending on mobile apps, accounting for 32 percent of global consumer spending compared with 22 percent for US-based parent firms, according to the report.  The top five parent companies for global consumer spending last year were indicated to be gaming companies Tencent, NetEase, Activision Blizzard, Bandai Namco, and Netmarble, respectively.  Meanwhile, global consumer in non-gaming apps more than doubled in the past two years, App Annie reported.  Mobile morsels offered by the report included that there was significant growth last year in the use of food-and-drink apps, particularly in France, Australia and South Korea which saw growth of 325 percent, 300 percent, and 230 percent respectively when compared to 2016.  Globally, more than $2.2 billion was spent in aggregate last year on the top five video streaming services, with US-based Netflix the most lucrative of the pack, according to App Annie.  
  London (AFP) – British Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday survived a no-confidence vote sparked by the crushing defeat of her Brexit deal just weeks before the UK leaves the European Union.  A stunning 24-hour span saw May on Tuesday dealt the heaviest drubbing by parliament in modern British political history — 432 votes to 202 — over the divorce terms she reached with Brussels.      She emerged victorious in parliament’s first no-confidence vote in a British government in 26 years on Wednesday by a 325-306 margin, a majority of 19.  But it may have only been a pyrrhic victory for the hobbled but determined premier as she tries to steer the world’s fifth-biggest economy through its biggest crisis in a generation.  The opposition Labour Party could try to oust her government again in the hope of triggering snap elections before Britain’s scheduled March 29 Brexit date.    And May herself is working on the tightest-possible deadline as Britain prepares to leave the bloc that for half a century defined its economic and political relations with the rest of the world.  She has promised to return to parliament on Monday with an alternative Brexit strategy devised through cross-party talks with the opposition.  There is now an assumption among many European diplomats that Brexit will have to be delayed to avoid a potentially catastrophic “no-deal” breakup.  May notably refused to rule out the idea when quizzed about it in parliament earlier on Wednesday.  – Divorce delay? –    May survived Wednesday thanks to the support of members of her Conservative Party and ruling coalition Northern Irish allies in the Democratic Union Party.  But more than a third of the Conservatives and all 10 DUP members of parliament voted against her Brexit arrangements on Tuesday — each for their own reason.    May will thus tread carefully as she tries to win over opposition lawmakers — many of whom want to remain in the EU — while also attempting to appease more hardened Brexit-backing coalition partners.  During a grilling in parliament earlier on Wednesday, May repeated two key principles — limiting migration and pursuing an independent trade policy — which would rule out Labour hopes of membership of an EU customs union or its single market.  But she also hinted at the possibility of delaying Brexit.    May said the EU would allow this “if it was clear that there was a plan towards moving towards an agreed deal”.  All 27 EU leaders would have to sign off a Brexit date postponement in case May requests one — something she has until now refused to do.  EU officials have said extending the negotiating period could be possible until the newly-elected European Parliament meets in June.  – Blurred lines –  EU leaders have repeatedly said they will not reopen the draft withdrawal agreement sealed at a special Brussels summit in December.  French President Emmanuel Macron suggested after May’s fiasco on Tuesday that the EU might be willing to tweak a few minor points — but only if they did not alter the bloc’s existing position on trade and borders.  “Maybe we’ll make improvements on one or two things, but I don’t really think so because we’ve reached the maximum of what we could do with the deal,” the French leader said.  “We won’t, just to solve Britain’s domestic political issues, stop defending European interests.”  German Chancellor Angela Merkel added: “We still have time to negotiate but we’re now waiting on what the prime minister proposes.”   And Irish Prime Leo Varadkar added “that if the United Kingdom were to evolve from its red lines on the customs union and on the single market, that the European Union could evolve also.”  – Zombie government –  Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn opened Wednesday’s debate by telling May she was leading a “zombie government” whose Brexit agreement was “officially dead”.  May must “do the right thing and resign,” said Corbyn.  But there is still no consensus in parliament on how to proceed and May called an election “the worst thing we could do”.  “It would deepen division when we need unity, it would bring chaos when we need certainty and it would bring delay when we need to move forward,” May argued.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — China has rapidly modernized its military and increased defense spending over the past two decades, posing a security threat to Asia, and Taiwan in particular, a U.S. military intelligence report said.  The report released Tuesday by the Defense Intelligence Agency said China saw a nearly threefold increase in defense spending from 2002 to 2018. Last year, the DIA estimated Beijing spent more than $200 billion.      “China is building a robust, lethal force with capabilities spanning the air, maritime, space and information domains which will enable China to impose its will in the region. As it continues to grow in strength and confidence, our nation’s leaders will face a China insistent on having a greater voice in global interactions, which at times may be antithetical to U.S. interests,” the report said.  A dispute over control of Taiwan has been a driving factor in the increase of modernization.  “Beijing’s longstanding interest to eventually compel Taiwan’s reunification with the mainland and deter any attempt by Taiwan to declare independence has served as the primary driver for China’s military modernization,” DIA Director Robert Ashley said.    Earlier this month, Chinese President Xi Jinping said China and Taiwan would be reunited and warned outsiders not to interfere with the country’s affairs.  Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen refused to acknowledge a “one China” solution and said she will not back down, despite losing re-election to a more Beijing-friendly opponent.  Xi has not ruled out the use of military force against Taiwan and called independence for the nation a “dead end.”  “It is a historical conclusion drawn over 70 years of development of cross-strait relations and a must for the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation in the new era,” he said. “It’s a legal fact that both sides of the Strait belong to one China, and cannot be changed by anyone or any force.”  The United States broke ties with Taiwan four decades ago and re-established relations with China. Taiwan has been independent since 1949, when China’s old regime took refuge in the aftermath of the Communist Party’s revolution.  Nicholas Sakelaris contributed to this report.  
  WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. Constitution spells it out clearly in Article II, Section 3: The president “shall from time to time give to the Congress information of the state of the union, and recommend to their consideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient.”  But the modern State of the Union address — the pageantry, the televised address and the agenda-setting message — is a far more recent tradition.      A look at the history of the State of the Union address as the White House weighs its response to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s suggestion that President Donald Trump delay this year’s address or give it in writing due to the partial government shutdown:  Q: Who delivered the first State of the Union address?  A: George Washington on Jan. 8, 1790, in New York.    ___  Q: Does it have to be a speech?  A: No. For his first address on Dec. 8, 1801, Thomas Jefferson sent written copies to both houses of Congress to be read by each chamber’s clerks. Jefferson wanted to simplify what he believed was an aristocratic imitation of the British monarch’s speech from the throne, which he thought ill-suited for a republic. The practice of sending written copies to Congress continued for more than a century.  Woodrow Wilson later resumed the tradition of delivering the annual message in person on April 8, 1913. He’s also credited with transforming the speech from a report on executive branch activity into a blueprint for the president’s legislative agenda for the year.  ___    Q: When did the annual message become known as the “State of the Union” address?  A: Franklin D. Roosevelt applied the constitutional phrase “State of the Union” to both the message and the event. It became the popular terminology from then on.    ___  Q: How has the speech been affected by advances in communications technology?  A: Calvin Coolidge delivered the first speech broadcast on radio in 1923. Harry Truman’s address in 1947 was the first broadcast on television. Lyndon B. Johnson recognized the importance of having a national audience when he moved the speech from midafternoon to 9 p.m. in 1965 to attract the largest number of TV viewers. George W. Bush’s 2002 speech was the first available as a live webcast on the White House website.    ___  Q: Has the speech ever been postponed?  A: Ronald Reagan’s 1986 address was postponed after the Challenger space shuttle exploded in flight on Jan. 28 of that year.  ___  Q: Is there a State of the Union speech every year?  A: No. Recent presidents — Reagan in 1981, George H.W. Bush in 1989, Bill Clinton in 1993, George W. Bush in 2001, Barack Obama in 2009 and Trump in 2017 — chose not to give an official State of the Union address their first year in office. That speech would have come soon after their inaugural addresses. However, many of them still gave a major speech soon after their inauguration.  ___  Q: Has the State of the Union speech always been delivered in person since Wilson resumed the practice?  A: No. Truman sent his final message in print, as did Eisenhower in 1961 and Carter in 1981. As Eisenhower recovered from a heart attack in 1956, he prepared a seven-minute, filmed summary of the message from his retreat in Key West, Florida, that was broadcast nationwide. Richard Nixon sent a printed message in 1973; his staff said an oral message would have come too soon after his second inaugural address.  ___  Q: Which presidents didn’t deliver a State of the Union message?  A: William Henry Harrison, who died 32 days after his inauguration in 1841, and James A. Garfield, who was assassinated in 1881 after 199 days in office.  ___  Q: Could Trump choose an alternative?  A: There’s no reason why not. Trump could deliver a speech from the Oval Office or organize an alternative event on Jan. 29 — the date Pelosi had originally invited Trump to deliver his address before a joint session of Congress. The White House also could choose to delay the speech, as Pelosi has suggested. It was unclear how the White House planned to respond.  ___  Sources: Congressional Research Service, White House.  
  BOISE, Idaho (AP) — An Idaho woman who thought she was gaining weight because of menopause discovered she actually had a 50-pound tumor that had been growing inside her for decades.  Boise television station KTVB reports Brenda Cridland of Meridian chalked up her weight gain to aging, but when her health started to quickly decline about eight months ago she decided to see a doctor.      That’s when a CAT scan revealed she had an enormous tumor that had displaced her organs and was cutting off the blood supply to her brain. Cridland said she underwent two-and-a-half hours of surgery to remove the mass, which luckily was benign.    Cridland says she lost 65 pounds in the process, and learned the tumor was caused by undiagnosed endometriosis. She says she ignored red flags about her health, and hopes her story will remind other women that they shouldn’t avoid seeing a doctor.  ___  Information from: KTVB-TV, http://www.ktvb.com/  
  Multiple reports indicate that the U.S. Secret Service and the Department of Homeland Security both reject Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi’s stated reason for asking the President of the United States to postpone the State of the Union address.  On Wednesday, Pelosi wrote to the president to rescind her Jan. 3 invitation for him to address Congress on January 29, in keeping with tradition.  Pelosi blamed a lack of available security due to the ongoing partial government shutdown: “This requires hundreds of people working on the logistics and security of it. Most of those people are either furloughed or victims of the shutdown. The president’s shutdown. But that isn’t the point. The point is security. … [It’s] a security decision which is completely out of my hands.”      But both NBC and CNN — hardly pro-Trump outlets — have poured cold water on Pelosi’s explanation.    Secret Service is fully ready to offer full protection during the #SOTU, a sr. law enforcement official tells @petewilliamsnbc.  “It’s a no-fail mission,” the official says.  Though USSS personnel are not being paid, the intelligence & protection functions are fully staffed. (1/2)  — Peter Alexander (@PeterAlexander) January 16, 2019
  Streaming device manufacturer and platform Roku caved in to demands from left-wing activists to blacklist Infowars, Tuesday.  Earlier on Tuesday, Roku had defended Infowars’ ability to offer a channel on the platform, declaring, “While the vast majority of all streaming on our platform is mainstream entertainment, voices on all sides of an issue or cause are free to operate a channel. We do not curate or censor based on viewpoint.”  Later on in the day, however, Roku decided to cave into demand from left-wing activists and groups, including the far-left Sleeping Giants boycott group, and blacklisted Infowars entirely.      “After the InfoWars channel became available, we heard from concerned parties and have determined that the channel should be removed from our platform,” Roku claimed. “Deletion from the channel store and platform has begun and will be completed shortly.”      After the InfoWars channel became available, we heard from concerned parties and have determined that the channel should be removed from our platform. Deletion from the channel store and platform has begun and will be completed shortly.  — Roku (@Roku) January 16, 2019
  Rep. Markwayne Mullin (R-OK) told Breitbart News that House Democrats blocked his proposed legislation to fund Indian Health Services (IHS), whose annual funding is in jeopardy due ongoing partial federal government shutdown.  In a Tuesday interview on SiriusXM’s Breitbart News Tonight with host Rebecca Mansour, Mullin explained that Democrats on the House Rules Committee blocked his amendment, called the Pay Our Doctors Act, which would fund health services for Native Americans through the fiscal year. Democrats voted it down on an 8 to 4 party line vote.  Mullin explained, “In our district, we have a very high Native American population. In fact, I represent more tribes than any other district in the country. I have 19 separate tribes, which is 19 separate governments, essentially, in my district alone.”      LISTEN:    Mullin continued, “Caught up in this fight is the Indian Health Services, because it’s part of the Interior, and the Interior is shut down, so the Bureau of Indian Affairs is underneath the Interior, and on the other side is the Indian Health Services. The tribes throughout my district is by far the largest employer in my 26 counties I represent.”  As the statement on Mullin’s congressional website noted, his amendment would “ensure that both tribally-run hospitals and Urban Indian Clinics receive the funding they need to pay their doctors and keep their doors open.” The statement explains:    During a government shutdown, tribally-run hospitals and Urban Indian Clinics do not receive annual funding, which is typically distributed in a lump sum at the beginning of a fiscal year. Hospitals and clinics are forced to make ends meet by using any remaining rollover funds from the previous year.  If no funds are available, hospitals and clinics are forced to furlough or lay-off staff.  Mullin described the importance of the federal government’s treaty obligations to our sovereign Native Americans tribes.  “The issue we have right now is that even though it’s a federal obligation because Indian Health Services came out of treaties that were signed with tribes, we essentially removed them from their traditional land.” said Mullin. “[We] said, ‘If you move to this part of the country, mainly Oklahoma, we’re going to take care of X, Y, and Z for you’ as part of a treaty.”  Mullin went on, “Somehow that got caught up in this political crossfire, and in my opinion the federal government isn’t living up to their end of the bargain which is in breach of a trust, or the treaties to which it signed decades ago.”  Mansour noted Mullin’s belonging to the Cherokee Nation. “You are also a member of the Cherokee Nation, so this is close to home for you in many ways,” she said. “These are sovereign nations, sovereign tribes. We have a duty to them.“  Mullin replied, “I really appreciate you doing your homework on that, understanding that they’re sovereign nations, and it’s based on treaties. You’d be surprised how many — even among my colleagues — don’t understand that.”    Mullin added, “Border security is vitally important. There’s no question that we’re locked in on this fight, and we have the same win to fight for, so losing’s not an option here. We’re all in on securing our border. What I’m trying to do here is expose the federal obligation. The IRS is an agency that was created by Congress. The EPA and Interior were services that were outside of the original Constitution or federal obligations we have as a nation. The responsibility we have to Indian Country is a true federal obligation. it is no different than us having to pay our national debt or the interest on it, because it is a treaty we have signed with these tribes. So this is outside of just shutting down the government, this is still a federal obligation, regardless.”  Mullin stated, “So what we’ve been trying to do is make that argument to our colleagues on both sides, and so we put an amendment today in front of Rules; the Pay Our Doctors Act, and it was to make sure that during this government shutdown that the federal government doesn’t fail on their true responsibilities that we have to Indian Country.”  Mullin recalled how House Democrats shut down his funding proposals for funding of Indian Health Services.  “Unfortunately, I made the arguments, and then they didn’t let me stay in to receive questions,” stated Mullin. “In fact, the only questions came from the Republican side of the Rules Committee. Democrats never asked me a single question, and then they voted it down straight on party lines. I was extremely disappointed in that. I’m all about securing our border, but we also have to make sure we pay attention to the obligation that we have, because I feel like the federal government is going to actually get sued if this continues to go down this road, because we are in breach of the trust that we have with Indian Country, and we’re trying to cut that off.”  Mullin implored, “We consider this payment. We were promised something to give up all of our land, so this is considered still paying off a debt that they had because we gave up a whole lot of land that we really, really, really liked that we had been on for generations prior to this — which is called our traditional land — and we were moved, and they said they would take care of this for the rest of infinity, because there was no end to the treaty. So this is still considered payment for the land that they stole — truly stole — from Indian Country.”    Mansour asked what advice Mullin would offer President Donald Trump in pursuit of a deal with Democrats to fund southern border wall proposals.  “Democrats are running scared of Nancy Pelosi,” assessed Mullin. “Right now, they’re all getting their committee assignments. Committee assignment are vitally important up here. None of them want to feel like they’re working with the president, at this point, because Speaker Pelosi isn’t working with the president. So the freshman members, they don’t want to look like they’re pushing against leadership by going up there and trying to negotiate something with the president. They’re afraid that Speaker Pelosi will retaliate and not give them a committee assignment, at all, much less one of their choices. Behind the doors, that’s what’s going on.”  Mullin described Democrats as recalcitrant in opposition to Trump’s overtures for negotiation.  “The president has done everything that he can,” said Mulling. “He’s offered to make deals. There was an offer on the deal before Christmas which was for funding the border wall. We would in return offer DACA [and] TPS, which is a program set up under the Clinton and Bush administrations, and anyone that served in the military with an honorable discharge or is currently serving with honorable service, that we would give them legal status; not citizenship, but legal status. In return, though we wanted funding for the wall. We felt like we were making a fair offer. I know the White House is feeling like they were making a fair offer, and it went nowhere. It’s not even like we were negotiating. It was, ‘No, we’re not giving you a penny for the wall.'”  Mullin concluded, “At that point I don’t know what the president does. The president is obligated as commander-in-chief to make sure he’s doing all he can to protect the American people, and we have a huge national security risk on the southern border. We’ve known this for a long time. This is why in 2006 Chuck Schumer, Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, and even Joe Biden voted for the Secure Fence Act, which was to build no less than 700 miles of fence. If you look at the math of that, that was funded at $52 billion, which is about $74 million a mile, and they voted for it in 2006. Now, the only reason why they’re not doing it with President Trump is because of political reasons. That’s it, no other reason. So there’s no room to negotiate when people are making political decisions, and not rational decisions.”  Breitbart News Tonight broadcasts live on SiriusXM Patriot channel 125 weeknights from 9:00 p.m. to midnight Eastern or 6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. Pacific.  Follow Robert Kraychik on Twitter.  
  A Texas sheriff’s office deputy and his K-9 partner found a large quantity of methamphetamine being trafficked from the border region into Texas during a routine traffic stop on January 14.  Fayette County Sheriff’s Office Sergeant Randy Thumann and his K-9 partner Kolt conducted a traffic stop of a red pickup truck on the eastbound lane of Interstate 10 between San Antonio and Houston. Thumann interviewed the driver and noticed familiar signs of deception and nervousness. The deputy obtained permission to search the truck and deployed his K-9 partner who quickly alerted to the possible presence of drugs, according to a written statement by sheriff’s office Lt. David Beyer.  Kolt detected the presence of drugs coming from a fire extinguisher in the bed of the truck, Beyer stated. Thumann then carried out a more detailed search and found that four industrial sized fire extinguishers were filled with drugs.      Fayette County Sheriff’s Office Sgt. Randy Thumann and his K-9 partner Kolt seized $3.6 million in meth during a traffic stop in Texas. (Photo: Fayette County Sheriff’s Office)  Officials say Thumann and Kolt recovered 34 kilos of methamphetamine in the fire extinguishers and estimated the street value to be approximately $3.6 million.  Thumann placed the driver, 56-year-old Alfonso Ramirez under arrest for allegedly transporting the drugs. Beyer stated that Ramirez is a U.S. citizen from Laredo, Texas. Thumann transported the suspected drug smuggler to the county jail for processing on charges of felony drug possession.    (Photo: Fayette County Sheriff’s Office)  This is at least Thumann’s second major drug seizure this month. Thumann and Kolt found an estimated $1.5 million in cocaine in another pickup truck during a traffic stop one week earlier, Breitbart News reported.  The sergeant obtained a consent to search the vehicle and discovered multiple bundles of drugs behind the rear seat, the rear floor, and under the center console, Beyer stated. The bundles contained approximately 15 kilos of what tested positive to be cocaine.  The U.S. citizen driver and passenger were traveling from their home in Eagle Pass, Texas.    Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for the Breitbart Border team. He is an original member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.    
  MONTERREY, Nuevo León – Equipos de sicarios trabajando para el Cártel Del Golfo llevaron a cabo dos ataques sorpresivos contra fuerzas policiales de este estado en una aparente reacción violenta contra varias operaciones policiales en contra del crimen organizado.  Uno de los ataques tuvo lugar en el suburbio industrial de Cadereyta, donde un equipo del CDG disparó contra una camioneta de Fuerza Civil en un ataque sorpresa mientras los oficiales patrullaban las calles. El segundo ataque tuvo lugar en la ciudad de García cuando un segundo equipo de sicarios del Cartel del Golfo disparó contra un edificio de la agencia de policía de Fuerza Civil.  Un video de vigilancia obtenido por Breitbart Texas reveló en detalle el momento en que los sicarios sorprenden a los oficiales de policía en Cadereyta. La segunda parte del a los sicarios darse a la fuga tras el ataque.           Ambos videos muestran en detalle cómo los hombres armados simplemente caminaron hacia sus objetivos y dispararon con total impunidad antes de darse a la fuga.  Tres policías resultaron heridos de bala en los dos ataques, mientras las autoridades continúan buscando a los sicarios. La condición de los policías heridos sigue siendo desconocida. En los últimos días, las autoridades estatales han estado tomando medidas enérgicas contra las operaciones del Cartel del Golfo, así como las de sus rivales, el Cartel del Noreste. Las dos organizaciones criminales han estado librando una feroz guerra por el control de rutas clave de tráfico y distribución de drogas.  En el caso de la ciudad de Cadereyta, donde ocurrió uno de los ataques, los cárteles también han estado luchando por el control de las operaciones de robo de combustible que se han convertido en un negocio lucrativo para el crimen organizado.  Nota Editorial: Breitbart Texas viajó a los estados Mexicanos de Tamaulipas, Coahuila y Nuevo León para reclutar a ciudadanos periodistas dispuestos a arriesgar sus vidas para exhibir a los carteles que amordazan a sus comunidades. Los escritores recibirían una muerte segura a manos de los carteles que operan en esas áreas incluyendo a el Cartel Del Golfo y Los Zetas si no usaran un seudónimo. Breitbart’s Las Crónicas De Carteles serán publicadas tanto en inglés como en su contenido original de Español. Este artículo fue escrito por Tony Aranda de Nuevo Leon.   
  MONTERREY, Nuevo Leon – Teams of cartel gunmen carried out two surprise attacks against state police forces as revenge for recent operations against the criminal groups.  One of the attacks took place in the industrial suburb of Cadereyta, where a team of Gulf Cartel operatives shot two cops in a surprise attack as the lawmen patrolled the streets. The second occurred in Garcia, where gunmen fired at the headquarters of the Fuerza Civil police agency.  Surveillance video obtained by Breitbart News reveals the moment the teams catch the police by surprise in Cadereyta. The second part of the video depicts the gunmen fleeing after the shooting. Both videos show the gunmen simply walk to their targets and fire with complete impunity before making their respective getaways.           Three police officers were injured in the attacks. Authorities continue to hunt for the gunmen. The conditions of the injured officers remain unknown. In recent days, authorities cracked down on the Gulf Cartel and their rivals, the Northeast Cartel. The two organizations are waging a fierce turf war over control of key drug trafficking and distribution routes.  In Cadereyta, cartels are also fighting for control of fuel theft operations–a lucrative business for organized crime.  Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by Tony Aranda from Nuevo Leon.   
  Theresa May’s government has survived a vote of no confidence by 325 votes to 306.  The case against the Prime Minister’s government was put by Jeremy Corbyn’s centrist-leaning deputy, Tom Watson. Its defence was pleaded by Environment secretary Michael Gove — a Brexiteer and former ally of Boris Johnson, who was briefly cast into the party’s outer darkness after breaking with the former Mayor of London in an attempt to claim the Tory leadership for himself, in the contest following the EU referendum which ultimately put Mrs May in Downing Street.  The Prime Minister would not have survived without the support of Northern Ireland’s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP). The Brexit-supporting party has provided her minority government with its parliamentary majority through a confidence and supply arrangement, but helped the Opposition, Brexiteer rebels, and Tory Remainers hand the Withdrawal Agreement she negotiated with the EU a stunning defeat, believing some of its provisions would have undermined Northern Ireland’s place in the United Kingdom.        Environment Secretary Michael Gove accuses Labour of failing to make the case for Jeremy Corbyn – saying Tom Watson did "not once mention in his speech the leader of the opposition, or why he should be prime minister"  No confidence debate updates: https://t.co/i2Tb6tXqvn pic.twitter.com/snT14AxLFE  — BBC Politics (@BBCPolitics) January 16, 2019
  Doha (AFP) – Any decision by FIFA to increase the 2022 World Cup to 48 teams will only be made in agreement with hosts Qatar, a senior Gulf tournament organiser said Wednesday.  Nasser al-Khater, talking to journalists in Doha, said at the moment the country was continuing to prepare for a 32-team tournament in three years’ time.      “No decision will be made without the agreement of Qatar, this is an important point,” he said. “It will be a joint decision.”  He added: “We are waiting for the results of the feasibility study, and once they are ready, (FIFA) will share them with us… to see if it is possible”.  FIFA is carrying out the study into increasing the number of teams by 16 in 2022 and will announce a final decision in March.     Last month FIFA president Gianni Infantino said in Doha that a “majority” of football federations supported the increase.  Any decision to extend the tournament would though be faced by huge logistical and political problems.  The Qatar World Cup, the first in the Middle East, will take place over 28 days in November and December 2022, not the usual 32.  Officials have said previously that is not possible for Qatar to change the number of days, so one option would be to host tournament games across the region with neighbouring states.  But that is complicated by Qatar being at the centre of the worst diplomatic crisis to hit the Gulf in years.  Since June 2017, it has been politically and economically isolated in a rancorous diplomatic dispute with former allies, including Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and Bahrain.  A 48-team World Cup is set to become the norm from 2026, when the World Cup will take place in the USA, Mexico and Canada.  
  London (AFP) – A Qatari-owned property giant battled in court against an EU agency’s bid to break a longterm lease because of Brexit on Wednesday in a case that lawyers said could have “consequences” for Britain’s property market.  The Canary Wharf Group is fighting in Britain’s High Court an attempt by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) to end the 25-year lease worth hundreds of millions of pounds on its London headquarters.      The EMA, which has been based in the British capital since 1995 but is in the process of relocating to Amsterdam, claims Britain’s departure from the European Union effectively negates the terms of the deal.  Canary Wharf, a luxury office quarter on the River Thames, initiated court action against the agency last June, and a six-day hearing began Wednesday — just as political paralysis over Brexit grips Britain.  “It is for the court to determine its (Brexit’s) legal effects and that process begins today,” Joanne Wicks, a lawyer for the property firm, said in her opening remarks.    “If the EMA were to succeed in this claim, other tenants might be tempted to follow suit, with significant consequences for the property market”.  Judge Marcus Smith is expected to rule on the expedited case before Britain is due to leave the bloc on March 29.  – Rare and exceptional –  The EMA, which is responsible for the evalutation and monitoring of all medicines across the EU, is preparing to move to new 300-million-euro headquarters in Amsterdam.   But the lease on its current ten-floor home — agreed in 2011 ahead of its move there in 2014 — runs until 2039, costing £13 million ($17 million, 15 million euros) a year.    The agency has said it is not “an economically motivated decision” and that it cannot operate from Britain because its own regulations state it must be based in an EU member country.  It is using an obscure English legal doctrine of “frustration” — when an unexpected event occurs which fundamentally changes the performance of a contract — to try to walk away.  Brexit was “not reasonably foreseeable as a real possibility,” Jonathan Seitler, a lawyer for the EMA, stated in written submissions to the court.  “This is as rare and as exceptional a case as the court will ever see,” he added.   “If the doctrine of frustration does not apply to this lease and in these exceptional circumstances, then it is hard to see when it ever would.”    The doctrine has never been successfully argued in a court case in Britain.  – ‘Significant wider implications’ –  However, in its court filings Canary Wharf argued Brexit is “worlds away from the type of event that may be capable of frustrating a long lease.  “Brexit, whatever it means and however it happens, falls well short of that standard.”  The case is being watched closely in legal and commercial property circles in Britain, amid fears it could open the door to similar claims from a variety of companies whose business is impacted by Brexit.  “If EMA were successful it could have significant wider implications, beyond the real estate sector,” Paul Moorcroft, of Eversheds Sutherland law firm, told AFP.  “However, on the law as it stands the case seems very weak and not one we would expect the tenant to win, he added, noting difficulties with the “frustration” argument.  The EMA said in a statement it was “still pursuing all possible options in accordance with the lease agreement… to find a solution acceptable to all parties”.  
  Washington (AFP) – US economic activity continued to expand at least modestly in recent weeks but political and trade uncertainty is undercutting optimism, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday.  Companies also are concerned about volatility in financial markets and rising interest rates, according to the Fed’s “beige book” survey of the economy.      And businesses nationwide continue to struggle to find and retain workers, despite rising wages, with some having to forgo work due to lack of employees, the report said.  “Outlooks generally remained positive,” the Fed said, but in many of the 12 Fed districts “contacts had become less optimistic in response to increased financial market volatility, rising short-term interest rates, falling energy prices, and elevated trade and political uncertainty.”  Nearly every region mentioned the impact of trade disputes and tariffs on manufacturing, retailers and other sectors.    In some cases the impact was positive but expected to be temporary.  In Richmond, which includes the port of Baltimore, “ports saw robust activity in recent weeks” which they attributed largely “to orders being made early to avoid possible tariff hikes.”   However, “they expected trade to soften in the next few months.”  One Virginia company even had Chinese goods shipped through the west coast ports to beat the tariffs, the report said.  President Donald Trump’s aggressive trade policy has imposed steep tariffs on steel and aluminum as well as $250 billion in goods imported from China annually.    The tariffs have raised costs for firms throughout the economy and in turn have drawn retaliation on US goods, felt most keenly by soy farmers.  The US government shutdown, which is in its fourth week and now the longest ever, also spurred uncertainty, especially in financial firms.  The Cleveland Fed said “Volatility in financial markets and political uncertainty have had a negative effect on consumer and business confidence and cloud the outlook for loan demand in the coming quarter.”  And Dallas said manufacturers’ sentiment “turned slightly negative in December,” due to several issues including declining oil prices, labor constraints and political uncertainty.  – Wages rising nationwide –    Meanwhile, the tight labor markets continue to hamper firms from expanding, while wages are rising nationwide and at all skill levels including entry-level jobs as new minimum wage laws took effect. But so far those increases have been moderate, the Fed said.  The Minneapolis Fed said construction firms had been obliged to turn down business due to the inability to find workers.  But price increases have remained moderate even with rising input costs, helped by falling fuel prices, according to the report.  The Fed is watching prices and growth carefully but central bankers in recent weeks have clearly signaled that they can hold off on raising the benchmark lending rate again for a time.  The beige book was prepared ahead of the Fed’s rate-setting Federal Open Market Committee meeting on January 29-30.   The Fed raised the key rate four times last year.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — A Ukrainian fashion designer’s latest jeans are going viral not for their $377 price tag but for their bizarre asymmetrical design.  Designer Ksenia Schnaider took to Instagram to unveil the “Asymmetric Jeans,” which feature one fitted leg and one flared leg.      Schnaider said the jeans, which have sparked a wide range of responses online, will soon be offered for $377 on her web site.  “I was told the idea was too crazy and that nobody needs jeans like this, so I gave up on the idea for a couple of seasons, but in the end I decided to go for it,” the designer told Dazed. “It’s good to get people talking, and they’re definitely going to make people turn their heads as you walk by!”  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — An artist set up an installation designed to use solar power to play “Africa” by Toto in a Namibian desert indefinitely.  Max Siedentopf, 27, a German-Namibian artist currently based in London, set up a sound installation titled “Toto Forever” to play the 1982 song on a loop at an undisclosed location in the 1,200-mile-long Namib Desert.      Siedentopf said solar batteries power the installation’s MP3 player and six speakers.    He said the desert is around 55 million years old, making it the “perfect spot” for the installation.  “Hopefully the song will play just as long,” he told CNN.  “Even though ‘Africa’ by Toto was released 1982 it is still very much present in today’s pop culture and frequently used for memes and even entire Reddit pages are dedicated to the song,” Siedentopf said.  “I was very intrigued by this and wanted to pay the song the ultimate homage and physically exhibit ‘Africa’ in Africa,” he said.  The artist said he will not reveal the exact location of the installation.  He said it is “like a treasure that only the most loyal of Toto fans can find.”  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Two flight attendants for a Malaysian airline were among eight people arrested and accused of smuggling drugs into Australia for a criminal organization, authorities said Wednesday.  One of the flight attendants, a 38-year-old woman working for Malindo Airlines, was arrested at Melbourne Airport earlier this month after officials said she carried a kilogram of heroin on a flight.      Authorities said they’ve known about the Melbourne-based Vietnamese crime syndicate for years, but only recently found information they were using airline crews to smuggle in drugs on nearly two dozen flights.    “We have known of this syndicate for a very extensive period of time but our inquiries had been fruitless,” Australian Federal Police Cmdr. Amanda Kates said. “Only in the last five months have we indicated that it may be a cabin crew involved.”  Victoria Police Asst. Commissioner Tess Walsh said the syndicate’s top operators in Australia have been arrested. The arrests came after a five-month investigation that indicated more than $20 million worth of drugs flowed from Malaysia to Australia.  Officers raided locations in Richmond, Southbank, Abbotsford, Sunshine North and Melbourne over the past eight days. Over that time, they seized 6 kilograms of heroin with a street value of $14.5 million, eight kilograms of methamphetamine worth $6.4 million and half a kilogram of cocaine. A Porsche Macan, a Mini Cooper and a large quantity of cash were also taken.  In all, prosecutors charged four women and four men in Melbourne Magistrates Court. Six were taken into custody and are due in court in May, while the other two were released on bail.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — A native Japanese sumo champion is retiring from the sport following a number of losses in the ring.  Kisenosato Yutaka, 32, had suffered consecutive losses, including most recently against Tochiozan Yuichiro during the New Year Grand Sumo Tournament in Tokyo on Wednesday, Mainichi Shimbun reported.      The defeat comes only two years after Kisenosato became grand champion, or a “yokozuna,” becoming the first Japanese wrestler to attain the status in 2017 in two decades.  Kisenosato’s retirement means only two elite-level wrestlers remain in the sumo-wrestling world. Both athletes hail from Mongolia, according to the BBC.  The sumo champion initially notified the public of his retirement through the Tagonoura stable.    “I feel that I did everything I could,” Kisenosato told reporters. “I was supported by so many people…I have nothing but gratitude.”  The sumo athlete also said he is “upset” he was unable to meet spectators’ expectations but that he also has “no regrets,” Japanese press reports stated.  Kisenosato will be adopting a new name, Araiso, as a sumo elder. He will turn to coaching up-and-coming wrestlers, according to reports.  The athlete, whose real name is Yutaka Hagiwara, debuted in 2002 and reached a top division in 2004 at the age of 18.  Sumo wrestlers undergo rigorous training, and must adhere to a strict diet that helps them maintain an ideal weight of 400 to 600 pounds.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — A frenzy in bodily regulation can actually strengthen a person’s immune system, which may help in fighting cancer and diabetes, new research suggests.  When a cellular protein called NF-kB shifts to a chaotic state, it activates certain genes that can enhance the immune system, according to findings published this month in Nature Communications.      “The results can have a tremendous impact on our understanding of how the immune system functions and how the incidence of some of the most serious illnesses, including diabetes, cancer and Alzheimer’s, might be avoided,” Mogens Høgh Jensen, a professor in biocomplexity at the University of Copenhagen’s Niels Bohr Institute and study author, in a news release.    “For example, we know that cancer is related to a failure of signaling within the body. So, to avoid cancer, it is imperative to have the right dynamic at work in cells,” Jensen said.  Using a math concept called chaotic dynamics, the researchers show how a protein, in this case NF-kB, can activate otherwise dormant genes — jumpstarting the immune system.  “These could come in the form of new medications that ensure proper protein function,” said Mathias Heltberg, a doctoral student at the University of Copenhagen’s Niels Bohr Institute. “Therapies could also involve the withdrawal and testing of cells from a body to gauge whether cells are in the right condition to have the correct swings. If they aren’t, it may be possible to predict and discover illnesses before they occur.”  The researchers say this experiment is the first to demonstrate how chaos can help bring about “chaotic complexity,” which can hopefully lead to healthy outcomes for people.  “Chaos is a mathematically well-defined dynamic, one that, for example, has previously been used to explain great changes in weather systems. With the enormous complexity that characterizes higher order living things, it is evident that chaotic dynamics will occur in different types of systems. But how chaos plays a decisive role in living cells is entirely new,” Jensen said.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Two flight attendants for a Malaysian airline were among eight people arrested and accused of smuggling drugs into Australia for a criminal organization, authorities said Wednesday.  One of the flight attendants, a 38-year-old woman working for Malindo Airlines, was arrested at Melbourne Airport earlier this month after officials said she carried a kilogram of heroin on a flight.      Authorities said they’ve known about the Melbourne-based Vietnamese crime syndicate for years, but only recently found information they were using airline crews to smuggle in drugs on nearly two dozen flights.    “We have known of this syndicate for a very extensive period of time but our inquiries had been fruitless,” Australian Federal Police Cmdr. Amanda Kates said. “Only in the last five months have we indicated that it may be a cabin crew involved.”  Victoria Police Asst. Commissioner Tess Walsh said the syndicate’s top operators in Australia have been arrested. The arrests came after a five-month investigation that indicated more than $20 million worth of drugs flowed from Malaysia to Australia.  Officers raided locations in Richmond, Southbank, Abbotsford, Sunshine North and Melbourne over the past eight days. Over that time, they seized 6 kilograms of heroin with a street value of $14.5 million, eight kilograms of methamphetamine worth $6.4 million and half a kilogram of cocaine. A Porsche Macan, a Mini Cooper and a large quantity of cash were also taken.  In all, prosecutors charged four women and four men in Melbourne Magistrates Court. Six were taken into custody and are due in court in May, while the other two were released on bail.  
  WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve says business contacts in many regions of the country expressed less optimism amid a host of adverse developments, from plunging stock prices to uncertainty about a widening trade war.  In its latest report on economic conditions around the country, the Fed says that eight of its 12 regions reported the economy was expanding at a moderate pace as the new year began.      While the outlook remained generally positive, the report says that business executives had grown more worried about “increased financial market volatility, rising short-term interest rates, falling energy prices and elevated trade and political uncertainty.”  The report, known as the beige book, says a few districts experienced a slowdown in economic activity.  
  Actress Sarah Silverman spoke out about the Women’s March’s ties to anti-Semitism Wednesday, saying she is “heartbroken” but will “stay hopeful” that things will change.  “I cannot imagine having such mild feelings over such a furious hatred of an entire people,” Sarah Silverman said in a social media post.  “He calls us termites. I’m heartbroken but im gonna stay hopeful because I don’t wanna give up on Tamika. (oh wow I s that how SHE feels about LF?) Oh this life…”        I cannot imagine having such mild feelings over such a furious hatred of an entire people. He calls us termites.  I’m heartbroken but im gonna stay hopeful because I don’t wanna give up on Tamika. (oh wow I s that how SHE feels about LF?)Oh this life… https://t.co/GCpOYZdgLT  — Sarah Silverman (@SarahKSilverman) January 16, 2019
  Following Breitbart News’ latest bombshell report on Google’s blacklisting of pro-life YouTube videos, Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX) commented on the company’s manipulative actions. Rep. Gohmert told Breitbart News: “If Mr. Pichai lied to Congress, he was under oath and it would be a criminal matter for a Grand Jury.”  Breitbart News recently published yet another leak from within Google, which reveals that YouTube has manually intervened to blacklist pro-life videos in its search results on numerous occasions. It was further revealed that Google often engages in “manual actions” in order to correct controversial search results in their search product, as well as their Google Home and Google Assistant device search results. Some of the altered search results reportedly relate to Democratic Congresswoman Maxine Waters and anti-gun activist David Hogg.  Breitbart News reached out to Rep. Louie Gohmert for comment on the issue. In a written statement to Breitbart News, Gohmert said:      The information leaked from Google certainly raises yet another concern of Google and YouTube subjectivity and manual manipulation of search results.  If Mr. Pichai lied to Congress, he was under oath and it would be a criminal matter for a Grand Jury. His defense would become more inconsequential by a ‘Trust & Safety Team’ verification that there were ‘huge teams’ at Google involved in determining the manual manipulations that Mr. Pichai testified were not happening.  Regardless, this issue is more reinforcement for my bill (H.R.492) that would remove large social media companies’ immunity from lawsuits. This immunity was provided when these types of internet outlets were argued to be simply like ‘town squares’ where anyone had equal access to come and speak without filter. However, now we know that’s not the case. Instead of acting like the neutral platforms they claimed to be in order to obtain their immunity, it appears to me that some have turned Section 230 of the Communications Act of 1934 into a license to manipulate results, censor political thought with which they disagree, and even defraud with impunity. Testimony from witnesses like Diamond and Silk that raise issues of potential deception and fraud should be heard in court.  Donald Trump Jr. tweeted about the revelations in the article as well:      Wow. If true seems quite contrary to his congressional testimony.   ‘THE SMOKING GUN’: Google Manipulated YouTube Search Results for Abortion, Maxine Waters, David Hogg | Breitbart https://t.co/V9k0DL5tMX via @BreitbartNews  — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) January 16, 2019
  CBS News representatives met with Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) on Tuesday just 24 hours after Waters fired of a tweet bashing the news organization for not hiring a black reporter to cover the 2020 presidential primaries and campaign.  “CBS admitted they had a lot of work to do & committed to including Blacks on their 2020 election team & all other teams,” Waters tweeted on Tuesday evening with a photo of her and two CBS representatives. “True diversity is the inclusion of ALL. I won’t let them off the hook!”    UPDATE: Within 24hrs of my Tweet, @CBSNews reps met w/ me on Capitol Hill.  CBS admitted they had a lot of work to do & committed to including Blacks on their 2020 election team & all other teams.  True diversity is the inclusion of ALL.  I won't let them off the hook! pic.twitter.com/K11Esx0gHG  — Maxine Waters (@RepMaxineWaters) January 16, 2019
  Moscow (AFP) – The International Bobsleigh and Skeleton Federation (IBSF) has suspended two-time Olympic gold medal winner Alexander Zubkov for two years for doping code violations at the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi, the sport’s governing body announced Wednesday.  “The ADHP (Anti-Doping Hearing Panel) came to the conclusion that … Mr. Alexander Zubkov … committed an Anti-Doping Rule Violation (ADRV) for the use of a Prohibited Substance and the Use of a Prohibited Method (i.e. urine substitution),” the IBSF said in a statement.      The body said that retired Zubkov, who was stripped of his Sochi golds for doping by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in 2017 and is now president of the Russian Bobsleigh Federation, will be suspended until December 18, 2020.   He is also banned from administrative activities such as serving as an “official, director, officer, employee, or volunteer of the national organizations” the statement continued.  Zubkov’s teammates Aleksander Kasjanov, Ilvir Khuzin and Aleksei Pushkarev were also suspended by IBSF.     The athletes can appeal on this decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS).  Russia’s Olympic Committee (ROC) said they will ask Zubkov to leave his federation post “immediately.”  Zubkov meanwhile told RIA-Novosti agency he will “study the documents” of the case before making a decision about his appeal.  In November Moscow’s highest civil court agreed with Zubkov that the CAS’ decision to uphold the IOC’s ruling was “unfair”, and rejected the ROC’s appeal earlier this month.  That court ruling means Zubkov is still recognised as an Olympic champion in Russia, which complicates the IOC’s mission of retrieving the 44-year-old’s gold medals.  
  Abu Dhabi (AFP) – An effervescent Son Heung-min inspired title-chasing South Korea to a comfortable 2-0 victory over China on Wednesday to finish top of their Asian Cup group.  Iran, joint favourites with the Koreans, also advanced as group winners despite being held to a goalless draw by bitter rivals Iraq, while Kyrgyzstan squeaked through on their tournament debut.       Hwang Ui-jo and Kim Min-jae were on target as South Korea, boosted by the arrival of their talisman, ran China ragged in Abu Dhabi.  Son won the penalty converted by Hwang and fizzed in the assist for Kim to help South Korea finish top of Group C with a perfect nine points as they look to end 59 years of Asian Cup hurt.  “Of course I’m a bit tired — I didn’t expect to play for so long,” Korean captain Son told AFP after completing 87 minutes despite a punishing run of 13 games for Tottenham since the start of December.    “But it’s an honour to wear this red shirt and play for the national team. My first game of the tournament, clean sheet, 2-0 — it’s a happy afternoon!”  Marcello Lippi’s China finished as group runners-up having likewise already sealed their place in the last 16 by winning their first two matches.  Spurs forward Son, who played in the London club’s 1-0 defeat by Manchester United three days ago, showed quick feet to tempt China defender Shi Ke into a rash lunge after 12 minutes.  Hwang calmly tucked away the spot-kick to send thousands of Korean ‘Red Devils’ fans wild at the compact Al Nahyan Stadium.  South Korea, who beat Asian Cup first-timers Philippines and Kyrgyzstan 1-0 in their opening two games, went for the jugular.    A Hwang Hee-chan rocket forced China goalkeeper Yan Junling into a fingertip save before Hwang Ui-jo curled an effort against the post.  The Koreans doubled their lead six minutes after the break when Son’s corner was met by Kim’s thumping header.  Son went down clutching his ankle after a meaty challenge from China’s tattooed defender Zhang Linpeng late on.  But the 26-year-old appeared to suffer no lasting damage and was given a rousing reception when he trotted off three minutes from time.  – Title drought –    South Korea, who famously reached the World Cup semi-finals in 2002, have failed to win Asian football’s most coveted prize since winning back-to-back titles in 1956 and 1960.  But the addition of the mercurial Son has clearly energised the 2015 runners-up, who suddenly look a very different proposition.  “We are very satisfied with the effort that Son made,” said South Korea coach Paulo Bento, who is yet to learn the identity of his team’s last-16 opponents.  “What’s important in this moment is to enjoy this result and then go again.”  China, Asian Cup finalists in 1984 and 2004, began the competition by edging Kyrgyzstan 2-1 and overpowering the Philippines 3-0.  But they were no match for South Korea and were lucky not to concede further goals in a lop-sided game.  “Let’s be honest, the Korean team is much stronger than us — they’re faster, technically superior and play with greater intensity,” shrugged Lippi, whose side face Thailand in the last 16.  “They are one of the favourites to win the tournament — we have to accept that and focus on our next challenge.”  Iran, themselves looking to end a 43-year title drought, fired blanks in Dubai but still topped Group D on goal difference from Iraq after thrashing Yemen 5-0 and beating Vietnam 2-0.  Elsewhere, a Vitalij Lux hat-trick sent Sven-Goran Eriksson’s Philippines crashing out and Kyrgyzstan through from Group C as one of the best third-placed teams after a 3-1 victory.  The Filipino “street dogs” grabbed a late consolation through Stephan Schrock — their first-ever Asian Cup goal and one celebrated with gusto by their noisy fans.  Vietnam eased past war-torn Yemen 2-0 for their first points after a brilliant Nguyen Quang Hai free-kick and a penalty from Que Ngoc Hai.  
  Pisco (Peru) (AFP) – Qatar’s Nasser al-Attiyah virtually wrapped up a third Dakar Rally title on Wednesday as Stephane Peterhansel’s hopes of a 14th triumph on the world’s most gruelling race suffered a painful end.  Al-Attiyah, driving a Toyota, claimed his third stage of this year’s event and will head into Thursday’s final 112km run into Lima with an overall lead of 51min 27sec over Mini driver Nani Roma who was second on Wednesday, almost five minutes behind on the day.      “Until now everything has gone very well and tomorrow we just need to bring everything together in Lima,” said al-Attiyah after his 34th career stage win on the Dakar.  “The Dakar is really difficult. Every day we work very hard to be fast and not make mistakes. The car is good, the buggy is a good car. We’ve followed our strategy from the beginning. We’ve been leading since stage three and building up the gap every day, we’re quite happy.”  While 2011 and 2015 champion al-Attiyah was consolidating his domination, 13-time winner Peterhansel was forced to quit after only 26 kilometres of the 313km ninth stage after a bad landing that injured co-driver David Castera’s back.    “After a big impact, Castera complained of severe back pain and was transported to Lima hospital,” said a spokesman for Peterahansel’s X-Raid team.  Peterhansel, 53, had won two stages in this year’s race, but had slipped well adrift of the overall pace set by al-Attiyah and had stood fourth overnight.  Nine-time world rally champion Sebastien Loeb, in a Peugeot, also slipped down the standings after losing almost 40 minutes stuck in the dunes.  “We saw Sebastien and I didn’t know about ‘Peter’, we just got the information on the finish line,” said al-Attiyah. “I hope he’s okay.”  In the motorcycling race, Australia’s Toby Price, on a KTM, will take a 62-second lead over Honda’s Pablo Quintanilla into Thursday’s finale despite suffering severe wrist pain.  “I’d like to finish on top. We’re so close, it’s so tight! We’re all still in with a shout,” said Price.  “I know it’s going to be very hard tomorrow, and I’ll give it my best. I know I’m likely to be on the podium tomorrow, and it’s amazing, but I obviously want to win.”  Wednesday’s stage was claimed by France’s Michael Metge, who was more than two minutes ahead of Bolivia’s Daniel Nosiglia Jager and 3min 23sec in front of Quintanilla.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — The Cincinnati Reds are losing an icon in the broadcast booth as Hall of Fame announcer Marty Brennaman announced that 2019 will be his final season.  Brennaman, 76, announced his decision to step away from the game in a video posted by the Reds on Wednesday. He has served as the Reds’ lead broadcaster since 1974, when he took the reins from Al Michaels.      He was inducted into the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Hall of Fame in 2005. Brennaman received the Ford C. Frick Award from the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 2000.    He is the father of Fox Sports broadcaster Thom Brennaman.  Brennaman worked for most of his career alongside broadcaster Joe Nuxhall. The duo affectionately known as “Marty and Joe” were a Cincinnati radio staple for nearly 30 years.  “You probably know by now, but if you don’t, I’m going to lay something on you that I didn’t realize would occur today,” Brennaman said in the video. “But after a lot of thought, I annoucned earlier today that after 46 years, after the completion of the 2019 baseball season, I’m retiring as a broadcaster with the Cincinnati Reds.”  “To say that it’s been an incredible ride … that’s what it has been. You folks have had a lot to do with it. You accepted me as one of your own many years ago, back in 1974. I feel like I’ve had a love affair that has gone through four and a half decades because you all have been so good to me. I felt like you need to know from the man himself and that’s me … That nobody can love you as much as I do. I’m going to miss a lot of things, but you folks are going to be right there at the top of the list. Thank you very much.”  The Reds finished above .500 in 19 of Brennaman’s 45 seasons with the club. Cincinnati won the World Series three times during his tenure, including back-to-back titles in 1975 and 1976.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Bill Murray will reunite with director Sofia Coppola on her new film.  The Hollywood Reporter confirmed Murray will star with Rashida Jones in the A24 and Apple movie On the Rocks.      Murray, who previously starred in Coppola’s film Lost in Translation, will play a “larger-than-life playboy” father who reconnects with his daughter (Jones) during an adventure in New York. Production begins in the spring.    On the Rocks is the first project from A24 and Apple since the companies signed a multi-year production deal in November. The Wrap said it is unclear if On the Rocks and other films from A24 will open in theaters or appear solely on Apple devices.  Coppola most recently directed a remake of the 1971 movie The Beguiled, which opened in June 2017. Lost in Translation, starring Murphy and Scarlett Johansson, debuted in 2003 and won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay.  Murray will also star in Jim Jarmusch’s new film The Dead Don’t Die and Wes Anderson’s movie The French Dispatch. Jones plays the title character on the TBS series Angie Tribeca, and is also known for Parks and Recreation.  
  BEIRUT (AP) — A number of U.S. troops were killed in an explosion while conducting a routine patrol in Syria on Wednesday, the U.S. military said, an attack that came less than a month after U.S. President Donald Trump announced his intention to withdraw troops from the war torn country.  The Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the morning attack, which local groups said killed 16 people in the U.S.-patrolled town of Manbij.      The claim calls into question Trump’s claim that IS has been defeated in Syria — his stated reason for pulling 2,000 American troops out of the country.  “We have defeated ISIS in Syria, my only reason for being there during the Trump Presidency,” Trump tweeted in December in announcing his intention to bring back U.S. troops “NOW.”  Vice President Mike Pence repeated the claim Wednesday, saying the Islamic State “caliphate has crumbled” and the militant network “has been defeated.” His comments in a speech at the State Department came shortly after the U.S. military announced that American soldiers were among those killed in Manbij.    Video released by local activists and news agencies showed a restaurant that suffered extensive damage and a street covered with debris and blood. Several cars were also damaged. Another video showed a helicopter flying over the area.  A security camera showed a busy street, and then a ball of fire engulfing people and others running for cover as the blast went off.  Trump’s shifting timetable for pulling U.S. troops out of Syria, a country he described as “sand and death,” has left allies and other players in the region confused and jockeying for influence over a withdrawal strategy that appeared to be a work in progress.  Critics have said a pullout was premature, that IS was still not defeated and a withdrawal could lead to a power vacuum that would fuel even more violence. It also led to the resignation of Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis.  Since then, U.S. officials and Trump himself have suggested the withdrawal would be slower than initially believed. White House national security adviser John Bolton said two conditions would have to be met, including the protection of America’s local Kurdish allies in northern Syria, and the total defeat of IS.    Last week, the U.S. military began pulling out equipment from the northeast into neighboring Iraq. No troops are known to have withdrawn yet.  Manbij is highly strategic: It is the main town on the westernmost edge of Syrian territory held by the U.S.-backed Syrian Kurds, running along the border with Turkey. Mixed Kurdish-Arab Syrian forces liberated Manbij from the rule of the Islamic State group in 2016 with help from the U.S.-led coalition. But Kurdish control of the town infuriated Turkey, which views the main U.S. Kurdish ally, the YPG militia, as “terrorists” linked to Kurdish insurgents on its own soil.  The town has been at the center of tensions in northern Syria, with the militaries of two NATO members, the U.S. and Turkey, on opposing sides.  The two sides began joint patrols around Manbij in November as part of an agreement for easing tensions between the two allies.  The crowded terrain has become more combustible as Turkey threatens to attack Kurdish-run towns further east. The presence of the Americans is a main obstacle preventing them from doing so.    The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said 16 people were killed including nine civilians and others were wounded in Wednesday’s blast. It added that at least five U.S.-backed Syrian fighters were also among the dead.  The U.S. military released a statement on Twitter that said: “U.S. service members were killed during an explosion while conducting a routine patrol in Syria today. We are still gathering information and will share additional details at a later time.”  The Kurdish Hawar news agency, based in northern Syria, and the Observatory, which monitors the war through activists on the ground, reported U.S. troops were among the casualties.  Turkey’s state-run Anadolu Agency, citing unnamed local sources, said a number of U.S. soldiers were injured in the blast and that the U.S. military evacuated soldiers by helicopter.  Attacks targeting members of the U.S.-led coalition in Syria have been rare.  In March last year, a roadside bomb killed two coalition personnel, an American and a Briton, and wounded five in Manbij.  ___  Associated Press writer Deb Riechmann in Washington contributed to this report.  
  Police are on the lookout for a pickup truck driver who allegedly tried to mow down a group of teenagers on a sidewalk in Portland, Oregon, on Thursday afternoon, authorities said.  The video, captured by a homeowner’s security camera, shows three teenagers running towards the park as they try to flee the truck barreling down the street.  The truck plows into one of the teens, but the others in the group manage to escape while the vehicle makes a U-turn at the end of the street near the park and drives away. It is unclear if any of the pedestrians suffered injuries related to the incident.      The teen knocked down by the vehicle was able to get up without assistance despite the force of the impact.    Javier Gonzales, whose camera recorded the incident, said he was in “shock” at what he witnessed.  “I looked at it, I rewinded it a few times just out of shock. I mean I’ve seen a lot of trucks like that. They are super common,” Gonzales told KOIN.  “It really seems like the cameras are the only thing that caught this and the people that actually got hit and the person in the truck,” he added.  Authorities say they are looking into the incident but noted that none of the victims had filed a police report on the alleged crime.  
  Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) used a vulgar sexual term in an interview with the Washington Post published Wednesday, threatening conservatives that Democrats would “run train on the progressive agenda.”  The term “run train” refers to a gang rape. According to UrbanDictionary.com, the “top definition” for the term “run train” is “to ‘gangbang’ a girl with several friends.”  Other definitions follow:      2. To call your friends to preform various unforgivable acts of a sexual nature on one female in rapid succession.  …  3. When a bunch of guys have sex with the same girl one after another with no breakfor the girl  …  4. to have sexual intercourse with a girl, with the help of one’s friends.  …  5. Where men all have sex with one women. Either at the same time or one after another.  Two other non-sexual definitions refer to attacking people in video games.    The context of Ocasio-Cortez’s remark was an answer to a question about a fake nude photo, purporting to be of the congresswoman, that appeared on Reddit and was subsequently covered by other outlets, including Vice’s Motherboard, the Daily Caller, and other outlets. Ocasio-Cortez claimed, without evidence, that “Republicans” and “conservative outlets” had circulated the image.  The relevant section of the interview is as follows:    The Post: How did you feel when that hit yesterday?  Ocasio-Cortez: I was surprised and I was annoyed because it was a new tack. They’ve been for a very long time focusing on taking quotes out of context or manipulating them or making it seem as though I said things that I didn’t say. This was different in that it was an outright fraudulent thing. You can tell that they’re getting into hysterics because now you’re getting into my actual body, which is definitely crossing a level, definitely crossing a line.  I also think it’s encouraging because this is my sixth day in Congress and they’re out of all their artillery. The nude is supposed to be like the bazooka. You know, like, “We’re going to take her down.” Dude, you’re all out of bullets, you’re all out of bombs, you’re all out of all this stuff. What have you got left? I’m six days into the term, and you already used all your ammo. So enjoy being exhausted for the next two years while we run train on the progressive agenda.    Ocasio-Cortez has not yet commented on the interview.  Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He is a winner of the 2018 Robert Novak Journalism Alumni Fellowship. He is also the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, which is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.  
  Monaco (AFP) – Cesc Fabregas has admitted it was a wrench leaving the Premier League for a second time as he looks forward to helping his old mentor Thierry Henry turn around the fortunes of Monaco.  The Spanish star moved to the Mediterranean principality last week from Chelsea, bringing to an end 13 years spent in England over two spells. He made his debut for his new club in Sunday’s 1-1 draw at Marseille.      “It was tricky for me to leave after 13 years in England. I started my career there, won a lot of trophies, played for two top clubs, and made more than 500 appearances. I sometimes even feel more English than Spanish,” said Fabregas as he spoke to journalists in Monaco on Wednesday.  The 31-year-old — who has also played for Barcelona — moved to the Stade Louis II on a three-and-a-half-year deal for a reported fee of 10 million euros ($11.5 million), having fallen out of favour at Stamford Bridge under new Chelsea coach Maurizio Sarri.  “Three months ago I wasn’t thinking about leaving Chelsea, but the circumstances helped,” he said.    “I was getting less game time. At first it was a surprise for me, but I came to the decision with my family. It is the best thing for my future. I feel like a young player again and can’t wait to get playing.”  Fabregas has teamed up again with Henry, the France great with whom he played at Arsenal at the start of his career and who became coach of Monaco in October.  “Thierry helped me a lot when I was young. He is one of the best players I have played with. This is a huge challenge. I am here to help him but also to help the club,” he added, with Monaco currently languishing in the Ligue 1 relegation zone.  “The club are not in a good position. We are in a negative moment but we can turn it around. The objective is to save the team and go far in the Cup to try to get into Europe next season. Everyone is looking at the challenge in a positive way.”  Fabregas was speaking after being presented along with Monaco’s other January signings: Brazilian defender Naldo and full-back Fode Ballo-Toure as well as midfielder William Vainqueur, who has joined on loan from Antalyaspor.    None of the quartet was eligible to play in Wednesday evening’s derby between Monaco and Nice, when Henry was due to go up against his old friend Patrick Vieira, another Arsenal great who is now the Nice coach.  – Batshuayi stumbling block –  Meanwhile, as the 2017 French champions try to pull themselves up the table, the club’s vice-president, Vadim Vasilyev, has admitted that their attempts to sign striker Michy Batshuayi on loan from Chelsea are being blocked for the moment by the English side.  The Belgian international is currently on loan at Valencia but the Spanish side are hoping to rid themselves of a player who has struggled to make an impression since moving to Mestalla at the start of the campaign.  Monaco are searching for an experienced goal-scorer to take some of the pressure off Radamel Falcao, but they want to take over the 25-year-old’s loan from Valencia.  “We have reached agreement with the player. We are in agreement with Valencia. For the moment it is Chelsea who are blocking the deal because they prefer the idea of a transfer,” said Vasilyev.  “But everything can change very quickly in football.”  
  London (AFP) – Leeds United’s iconic Argentine manager Marcelo Bielsa admitted on Wednesday he has spied on training sessions of all the Yorkshire side’s opponents this season, adding more fuel to the debate over the tactic.  Bielsa’s side are four points clear at the top of the Championship, England football’s second tier, after beating Derby County 2-0 on Friday.      But the match was overshadowed by Bielsa’s admission he sent a club employee to spy on Derby’s training session a day before the game.  In a statement, Leeds owner Andrea Radrizzani apologised on Saturday for the incident, which is now the subject of a Football Association investigation.  Bielsa called an impromptu press conference on Wednesday, sparking rumours he could sensationally resign as he has in shock fashion at Lazio and Marseille in the past.    However, the former Argentina manager instead offered up more information on how he scouts the opposition in what he claimed is a bid to help the FA’s investigation.  “I observed all the rivals we played against. We watched all the training sessions before we played them,” said Bielsa.  “My goal is to make this easier for the investigation. By doing this I assume the possible sanctions by the authorities.”  – Bielsa ‘has to adapt’ –  Derby manager Frank Lampard questioned Bielsa’s sportsmanship and refuted the excuse of cultural differences with Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino insisting the practice is normal in Argentina.    But Bielsa was adamant what he has done is not illegal.  “As Frank Lampard said, he doesn’t believe that I didn’t have bad intentions. He believes I violated the fair play spirit. I have to adapt to the rules linked to the habits of English football,” added Bielsa.  “I did not try to get an unfair sporting advantage. But I did it because it was not illegal or violating specific laws.”  Supported by his coaching staff, Bielsa then talked journalists through his preparation for matches with four hours dedicated to analysing every game the opposition has played this season.  Famed for an attacking, high-pressing style of football that has won admirers during spells coaching in Argentina, Chile, Spain and France, Bielsa has rejuvenated Leeds’ fortunes and is on the brink of bringing the club back to the Premier League for the first time in 15 years.  His coaching style has also proved to be an inspiration for the likes of Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone, Pochettino and Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola, who has described Bielsa as the best coach on the planet.  “I think he’s the best because I always try to listen to what the players say about their manager. It’s the real truth,” Guardiola said this week.  “For the guys in charge of the big clubs it’s easier than the other ones. We win because we are in the good clubs with the good players. But everyone who works with him is a better player and the teams are better. That’s why he’s a special manager and special person.”  
  New York (AFP) – The head of Goldman Sachs on Wednesday apologized to Malaysia for a Goldman partner’s role in the 1MDB scandal even as he defended the firm as a whole.  Goldman Chief Executive David Solomon reiterated during an earnings conference call that the investment bank was cooperating with authorities on the probe of the Malaysian sovereign wealth fund as he expressed regret over a scandal that has roiled the Asian country.      In November, the Justice Department announced that former Goldman partner Tim Leissner had pleaded guilty to violating US anti-bribery and money laundering laws and agreed to pay $43.7 million in restitution.    “It’s very clear that the people of Malaysia were defrauded by many individuals including the highest members of the prior government,” said. “Per Leissner’s role in that fraud, we apologize for the Malaysian people.”  But Solomon also defended the bank as a whole, saying it had been misled by Leissner and senior officials in the Malaysian government about the role of a key intermediary in the scandal, Low Taek Jho.  Goldman helped arrange $6.5 billion in bonds for 1MDB. Kuala Lampur has filed criminal charges against Goldman and two former employees for alleged theft.  A Justice Department indictment of Low Taek Jho and Ng Chong Hwa, another ex-Goldman banker, that identified Goldman as “Financial Institution #1” said the firm’s business culture at times emphasized dealmaking “ahead of the proper operation of its compliance functions.”  Solomon said employees at Goldman were “extremely angry” about Leissner’s role but that morale was good on the whole due to the bank’s strong financial performance.   Goldman has suffered a “reputation dent” tied to the scandal, Solomon acknowledged, but added that the effect on clients had been “de minimus.”  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Danny Glover is set to star in Sony’s upcoming sequel to 2017’s Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle.  Glover’s role in the film is being kept under wraps. He joins a cast that includes returning stars Dwayne Johnson, Jack Black, Kevin Hart, and Karen Gillan along with series newcomers Awkwafina and Danny DeVito.      Jake Kasdan is returning to direct based off a script he wrote with Scott Rosenberg and Jeff Pinkner. The sequel will arrive in theaters on Dec. 13, 2019.    Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle, which worked as a sequel to 1995’s Jumanji starring Robin Williams, featured four high school students trapped in a new video game version of the titular board game. The students transform into characters that resemble Johnson, Hart, Black and Gillan and navigate a dangerous jungle in order to beat the game and return home.  “From Awkafina to Danny DeVito to now one of my action heroes, Danny Glover – it’s been awesome having so many actors and OG legends raise their hands wanting to come and play in our Jumanji universe,” Johnson told The Hollywood Reporter.  “‘Who turns into who?’ will always be the fun magic sauce for our audience,” he continued.  Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle earned $962 million worldwide and was Sony’s highest-grossing film of all time in the United States.  Glover was last seen starring in Robert Redford’s The Old Man & the Gun.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Attorney General nominee William Barr will likely face questions about his interpretation of the U.S. Constitution, the unitary executive theory and upholding the Voting Rights Act when the Senate judiciary committee resumes his nomination hearing.  Senators asked a panel of experts about these issues and others at Wednesday morning’s hearing. Barr was nominated by President Donald Trump to fill the attorney general spot, which has been vacant since Jeff Sessions resigned in November.      Senators asked legal experts about Barr’s belief in the unitary executive theory, an interpretation of the Constitution that gives the president power to control the entire executive branch.  “It’s hard for me to understand why, with our constitution, our Bill of Rights, why we want someone who is powerful in every way to take these actions,” said Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif.  Neil Kinkopf, a law professor from Georgia State University College of Law, testified on the theory and whether a president can be indicted while in office. Senators asked Kinkopf what kind of questions they should ask Barr. He said they should ask whether Trump has the power to fire Mueller, just as he fired FBI director James Comey early on in his presidency.    “I have no doubt that he will stand up for his vision of the constitution and that’s what I find so troubling,” Kinkopf said. “He says directly that the president alone is the executive branch.”  Former Attorney General Michael R. Mukasey, who served under President George W. Bush, also said presidents can be removed if they abuse their power. He agreed they could, through impeachment. He said Barr is a self-described “law nerd.”  When asked at Tuesday’s hearing whether a sitting president can be indicted, Barr said he sees no reason to change current policy, which protects the president.  “For 40 years, the position of the executive branch has been you can’t indict a sitting president,” he said.  Barr emphasized that as attorney general he plans to act independently of Trump and won’t “be bullied” into anything that violates the law.  Senators also asked a panel of experts about how an attorney general should uphold the Voting Rights Act. Accusations of voter suppression and other illegal practices were reported across the country in the November midterm.  “The attorney general does not have the option of which laws they want to enforce,” said Marc Morial, president and CEO of the National Urban League in New York. “I think that this nominee should be asked whether he is going to restore that integrity to the Voting Rights Act.”  Morial also addressed the deadly opioid crisis that’s killed an estimated 60,000 Americans in 2018. He said it’s important that the next attorney general focus on treating this epidemic rather than continue the “ill-advised policy” of mass incarceration.  Mary Kate Cary, a former speechwriter for President George H.W. Bush, recalled a story when Barr toured a local jail to meet with criminals, talking with them about their lives. She said this showed his compassionate side while he was attorney general under Bush.  
  WASHINGTON (AP) — Acting Environmental Protection Agency chief Andrew Wheeler described himself as a champion of deregulation and the environment at his confirmation hearing Wednesday, even as a leading Democrat called him “just as extreme” as predecessor Scott Pruitt.  The Republican-controlled Senate Environment and Public Works Committee was considering Wheeler’s nomination as agency administrator. Wheeler began his testimony Wednesday over the chants of environmental protesters, who shouted “Shut Down Wheeler” in the committee room and the hallway outside.      The EPA under Wheeler has moved forward on the Trump administration’s deregulatory aims since Pruitt resigned in July amid ethics scandals. That includes easing the mileage standards that cars and trucks will have to meet, relaxing measures on climate-changing carbon emissions from coal-fired power plants and removing millions of miles of wetlands and waterways from federal protections, among other changes.  The committee chairman, Republican Sen. John Barrasso of Wyoming, called Wheeler “very well qualified” to take the job.  But Sen. Tom Carper of Delaware, the panel’s ranking Democrat, said Wheeler’s environmental policies in his six months as the agency’s acting head were “just as extreme” as those of Pruitt.    Carper cited the rollbacks in car mileage standards and toxic mercury emissions under Wheeler as examples of unsafe deregulation, saying they went beyond what industries themselves wanted.  Sen. Bernie Sanders noted Wheeler had failed to mention climate change in his remarks to the lawmakers.  “Do you agree that climate change is a global crisis?” the Vermont independent asked.  “I would not call it the greatest crisis,” Wheeler said. “I would call it a huge issue that has to be addressed globally.”  Environmental groups also say Wheeler’s lobbying work for coal companies and other interests regulated by the agency should disqualify him.    “A coal lobbyist is unfit to run the EPA, period,” said Matt Gravatt, associate legislative director at the Sierra Club.  Wheeler worked at the Washington law and lobbying firm Faegre Baker Daniels from 2009 until April 2018, according to his filing with the Office of Government Ethics.  His lobbying clients included coal magnate Bob Murray, who pushed hard on the Trump administration to grant a series of breaks for the sagging domestic coal industry. Wheeler accompanied Murray to a March 2017 meeting to pitch then-new Energy Secretary Rick Perry on Murray’s list of desired rule rollbacks and other breaks.  Murray had sought some of the EPA’s coal initiatives under Wheeler, which included easing federal regulation of toxic coal ash, removing an Obama rule that pushed electricity providers to move away from dirtier-burning coal plants and targeting an Obama rule limiting emissions of toxic mercury from coal plants.  A watchdog group, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, filed an ethics complaint Tuesday with the EPA’s Office of the Inspector General alleging that Wheeler’s oversight of those and other rollback proposals at EPA may have violated his government ethics pledge to abstain from regulatory decisions affecting his former lobbying client for at least two years.    “His failure to abide by ethics obligations and to avoid the reality or appearance of conflicts critically undermines the EPA’s integrity and weakens public confidence in our government,” CREW executive director Noah Bookbinder said in a statement.  EPA spokesman John Konkus called the accusation “baseless” and “wrong.”  “Acting Administrator Wheeler works closely with career EPA ethics officials and follows their guidance. This is nothing more than a last-second political stunt by a group to try to attack President Trump’s nominee hours before his confirmation hearing and should be recognized as such,” Konkus said.  Conservation and environmental groups said Wheeler should also be pressed at Wednesday’s hearing on the environmental and public health effects of the EPA’s proposed regulatory easing.  “It’s imperative the senators ask the tough questions about his role in the decisions and the impact he’s going to have” on health and safety, said Collin O’Mara, president of the National Wildlife Federation.  Conservation groups objected this week to the Republican-controlled Senate committee holding Wheeler’s nomination hearing during the government shutdown.  The grandson of a coal miner, Wheeler worked for the EPA in the 1990s and later as a longtime staffer for Senate Republicans.  
  Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox & Friends,” White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said Democrats’ unwillingness to negotiate with President Donald Trump was “appalling.”  Discussing the government shutdown, Sanders said, “Nancy Pelosi has been unwilling to do anything, and that is simply not going to work. It is not going to fix the problem. She has to get serious about doing her job, not just be serious about being a political figure, and hopefully, we’ll see something break on that soon.”      She continued, “Certainly we do not want the government to remain closed, which is why we asked Democrats to sit down help us solve the problem. We can’t continue kicking this down the road. We can’t continue to ignore it. We know there is a crisis at the border. American lives are at stake. The president wants to do what his constitutional duty is to protect those. I find it just appalling that Democrats are unwilling to do anything to fix this problem, work with the president and open the government.”    She added, “The president will negotiate, but at this point, he will not negotiate with himself. He is the only one that has a proposal on the table. Democrats have yet to put anything forward other than obstruction. They have to put something on the table. They have to at least sit-down, willing to have a conversation. So far they have been unwilling to do anything. The president’s proposal has actual things that Democrats specifically asked for. They asked for more technology at ports of entry. They asked for a processing center, asylum processing center for people from Central America. They asked that the wall be not concrete but steel barriers. The president has given and puts the specific requests of Democrats into his proposal that he laid out for them. It is time for them to come to the table, work with us.”  Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN  
  The United States government should double annual immigration to two million per year because it would help the nation’s “workforce and economic health,” said an op-ed in the New York Times.  Shikha Dalmia, an Indian immigrant who is now a libertarian writer, wrote:  The idea that America is experiencing mass immigration is a myth. The reality is that we desperately need to pick up the pace of immigration to maintain our work force and economic health ….  America should be admitting a million more immigrants per year — more than double the current number from now until 2050.  Dalmia and her NYT editors ignore the massive economic harm that is already being caused to American employees by the government’s policy of importing one new immigrant for every four Americans who turn 18, or just over one million legal immigrants per year. This interventionist government policy has a huge impact on the labor market by inflating the supply of labor, thereby deflating the price people get for selling their labor.      That damage includes lower wages, higher real estate costs on the coasts, less investment in the Heartland, and more civic conflict everywhere. The damage also includes a massive shift of attention by the political and media classes from the concerns of ordinary Americans towards the mutually beneficial concerns of legal migrants, ethnic advocates, upper-income professionals, wealthy investors, and cheap-labor CEOs.  Dalmia’s focus is on investors’ economics, not on employees’ wages, families’ housing, or civic cultures. She writes:  A good yardstick for whether a country is admitting too many or too few immigrants — beyond the political mood of the moment — is its economic needs. If America were admitting too many immigrants, the economy would have trouble absorbing them. In fact, the unemployment rate among immigrants, including the 11 million undocumented, in 2016, when the economy was considered to be at full employment, was almost three-quarters of a point lower than that of natives. How can that be evidence of mass immigration?  …  Unless American birthrates pick up suddenly and expand the work force — an unrealistic assumption given that the country just set a record for low fertility — or the productivity of its dwindling work force quickly doubled, only slightly less unrealistic, says Mr. Goldstone, the United States will be staring at real G.D.P. growth of less than 1.6 percent per year in less than a decade, all else remaining equal.  Faster national economic growth is good for investors, banks, tax collectors, and government agencies — but it does not help Americans’ wages or wealth if the population grows even faster. Just as half of a small pizza is a bigger slice than one-tenth of a medium pizza, a bigger economy is no guarantee of a bigger wage.    In fact, President Donald Trump’s curbs on immigration — although modest — are helping to drive up Americans’ wages by 3.2 percent in 2018, after many years of stalled or falling wages. Trump is limiting the inflow of migrant workers, so companies are now competing for Americans — including sidelined Americans — by offering higher wages and better training. That marketplace competition is bad for investors, who are seeing their profits converted back into wages and salaries instead of into higher stock prices.  The policy of doubling immigration will help investors, not employers, according to Congressional Budget Office’s review of the 2013 Gang of Eight amnesty-and-cheap-labor bill: “The rate of return on capital would be higher [than on labor] under the legislation than under current law throughout the next two decades,” said the report, titled “The Economic Impact of S. 744.”  Trump’s modest curbs on migration are also forcing companies to invest in labor-saving productivity technology — such as robots for farms and factories. That inevitable technology helps Americans’ wages and wealth if it is developed and deployed gradually, but it will be traumatic and destructive if it suddenly arrives in a manpower-run cheap-labor economy. Annual productivity growth under Trump has doubled to 1.3 percent compared to the 2011 to 2016 period, according to Richard H. Clarida, vice chairman at the Federal Reserve’s Board of Governors.  Trump’s increased productivity will boost Americans’ wages — but only if investors fail to get another wave of imported workers, such as the roughly 500,000 Indians who are imported by investors to serve as white-collar H-1B outsourcing workers.  The policy of boosting immigration is also spurring civic conflict in the United States, most notably, Donald Trump’s overthrowing of the bipartisan establishment in 2016. As proud migrants bring their discordant cultures and old homeland politics into the United States, the nation increasingly becomes a diverse, disunited “Nation of Immigrants” instead of a nation of Americans who can collectively resist the elite’s policy of divide and rule.    The claim that the United States is a “Nation of Immigrants” is also tied to Washington’s global ambitions. In October 2018, Democrat Rep. Joe Kennedy wrote:  Few felt it as deeply as President John F. Kennedy. In his 1964 book A Nation of Immigrants, recently re-released, my great-uncle outlines the compelling case for immigration, in economic, moral, and global terms. “The abundant resources of this land provided the foundation for a great nation,” he writes. “But only people could make the opportunity a reality. Immigration provided the human resources.”  The resulting economic and demographic turmoil has spurred massive conflict within the United States.  But Dalmia used her Twitter account to reassure “whites” that future immigrants might not be as “hostile” as European settlers were to American’s Indian inhabitants. “Who goes around does not always come around :)” she wrote:    Hawkish whites assume that immigrants today are hostile to the local culture because their settler ancestors were. But, seriously, folks, karma is not that big a bitch! Relax. What goes around does not always come around :)  — shikha sood dalmia (@shikhadalmia) January 15, 2019
  President Uhuru Kenyatta of Kenya announced on Wednesday that a total of 14 people were killed in the terrorist attack on the Dusit hotel in Nairobi.   He said security forces killed all of the attackers. Kenyan police also arrested two suspects connected to the case. The victims included an American businessman who survived al-Qaeda’s attack on the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001.  Kenyatta spoke not long after witnesses said they could still hear gunshots and explosions coming from the hotel, which a heavily armed group of undisguised men assaulted on Tuesday afternoon.       The Red Cross stated on Wednesday that 50 people who were reported missing after the attack remain unaccounted for. At least 30 injured people were evacuated to local hospitals for treatment.  Somalia-based, al-Qaeda-linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has claimed responsibility for the attack, perpetrated exactly three years after a high-profile al-Shabaab attack on a Kenyan military base in Somalia.  Al-Shabaab’s statement on the attack described the Dusit hotel complex as “one of the most opulent areas of the Kenyan capital,” a place where “offices of international representatives are present.” Analysts said the terrorist group chose its target to get heavy coverage from international media and demonstrate its continued potency as al-Qaeda’s most active affiliate.    “I can confirm that the security operation is over and all the terrorists have been eliminated. 14 people have died. We are grieving as a country this morning,” President Kenyatta said on Wednesday. He said 700 people were safely evacuated from the Dusit complex during the attack.  “We will seek out every person that was involved in the funding, planning, and execution of this heinous act,” Kenyatta vowed.  “We are a country governed by laws, rules, and regulations, a country that embraces peaceful coexistence,” he said. “I must also state that we are also a nation that never forgets those who hurt our children.”  Kenyan Director of Criminal Investigations George Kinoti added that two “key suspects” in the case were arrested in different locations, one of them a neighborhood where police believe one of the attackers lived.  “The suspects are providing good information on the incident. They were in contact with the slain men,” Kinoti said. He further announced that police raided the home of one slain terrorist and recovered a partially-assembled bomb, which suggests the killers were planning an even more elaborate attack but were forced to make their move early.    Kenyan police reported preliminary forensic findings that the weapons used in the attack, which included AK-47 rifles, originated in Somalia.  The U.S. State Department confirmed on Tuesday that one of the victims killed in the attack was an American citizen. The UK Daily Mail identified him on Wednesday as businessman Jason Spindler, CEO of management strategy and investment company I-DEV International, which has headquarters in Nairobi. A former Peace Corps volunteer who hailed from Texas, Spindler was working in Building 7 of the World Trade Center when al-Qaeda attacked on September 11, 2001.  According to friends and family, Spindler has been living in Kenya for about five years and was having lunch at the hotel to celebrate his 41st birthday when al-Qaeda’s franchise al-Shabaab attacked.   “Jason was a survivor of 9/11 and a fighter. I am sure he gave them hell,” his brother Jonathan said on Tuesday when confirming his death. “There are no words to describe how our family is feeling but I can say … Jason Spindler, you are and always will be an amazing son, brother and uncle. Rest in peace – we will miss you dearly.”  Jason’s mother Sarah Spindler told NBC News her son was “trying to make positive change in the third world in emerging markets.”    “We all miss him so much. And it’s so sad that such a bright young person is taken away by terrorism,” she said in a telephone interview on Tuesday night.  Another foreigner confirmed dead in the attack was British development professional Luke Potter, who worked for an international charity called Gatsby. The charity released a statement saying it was “shocked and saddened” by Potter’s murder:  Luke had devoted the past ten years of his career to helping some of the poorest and most vulnerable people in the world.  He had worked with us for three and a half years, carrying out assignments across East Africa.   Luke was instrumental in establishing our forestry programme and team in Kenya, and provided crucial leadership, guidance and support to our Tanzanian forestry program and our tea programs in Rwanda and Tanzania.   Luke was respected by all he worked with, bringing huge drive, determination, a relentless work ethic, and a thirst for new ideas to every project.  He brought a calm head and his unique sense of humor to every situation. He was deeply committed to his work, to his teams, to Gatsby and to development in Africa.  He was our colleague and our friend.  The British Foreign Office confirmed the death of a British/South African dual national in the attack, presumably a reference to Potter, and said another “British person” was “wounded during the attack and is receiving medical attention.”  According to the BBC, the attack began with bombs thrown at parked cars and at least one suicide bomb attack. A member of the British SAS who was in Kenya on a training mission was reportedly involved in the response, along with U.S. Special Forces operators.   One video clip of the attack circulating online is believed to show a U.S. Navy SEAL assisting in the rescue of civilians. The man in the video wears civilian clothing and has his face covered, but appears to be wearing a backpack with a SEAL Team 3 patch.  
  Nearly every migrant the BBC interviewed in the caravan that left Honduras on Tuesday revealed that they were economic migrants fleeing poverty because they just did not want to “scratch by.”  The outlet’s Latin America editor “travelled to San Pedro Sula and nearby towns” to interview migrants as nearly 800 Honduran migrants started their journey to the United States on Tuesday.  Josue said though Honduras is “dangerous” because of gangs, “one tries to make it north, that’s our dream, because here even when you do have work, what you get paid is only just enough to eat.”      “There’s no way to earn enough to get a decent place to live,” he said. “There are four of us in my family and we all live in a wooden shack.”  Keilin said gangs were pressuring her to sell drugs but when she went to the U.S.-Mexico border with a previous caravan, lawyers reportedly told her that she “didn’t have a strong case for requesting asylum in the US.”  “My dad was killed by gang members 20 years ago, but the lawyers said I needed to show that I myself was under threat,” Keilin said, adding that she could not take pictures of gang members without endangering herself.    She then added that, “but there’s also the fact that you just can’t get work.”  “Some [employers] tell you you’re too young, others that you’re too old. Before I left, I’d been out of work for two years. I live with my 81-year-old granny and we’re living off the money an uncle of mine was giving us,” Keilin reportedly said.  Angie admitted to the BBC that “there are no job opportunities here.”  Oscar, a bricklayer, said he lost his leg in an accident two years ago and wants to come to the United States because he is not getting “support” and the prothesis that he was promised a year ago.  “I’m not getting any work because I only have one leg. I’m living off what my brothers who’re in [the US city of] Houston send me every now and then. So sometimes I have enough to eat and sometimes I don’t,” Oscar told the outlet. “I want to leave for the US to make a living and not just scratch by. I want to leave with a caravan because that way there’s more support on the way, people can help you. I’m asking God for strength to be able to make it on my crutches. I hope I don’t get left behind but even if I do, I will just keep going.”  Before the 2018 midterm elections, so many migrants in the previous caravan told establishment media outlets that they were fleeing for economic reasons that even programs like CBS Evening News had to point out: “Most tell us they are fleeing extreme poverty, but that’s not a condition for asylum or refugee status in the U.S.”  
  Tesla investors reportedly believe that the company’s CEO Elon Musk may have made yet another joke about marijuana, this time when selling a company debt security.  The Financial Times reports that Tesla investors are worried that the company’s CEO Elon Musk may have made yet another joke about marijuana on behalf of the company. Recently, Tesla sold a debt security with a minimum investment size of $420,000, an amount similar to the tweet Musk sent stating that he was ” taking Tesla private at $420,” referencing the number 420 — slang in cannabis culture for the smoking of marijuana.  Musk’s initial “420” tweet resulted in an investigation by the SEC which fined both Musk and Tesla $20 million each for misleading investors. In the meantime, Musk was seen on the Joe Rogan Experience podcast smoking weed live on air. The Financial Times described Musk’s latest weed related joke stating:      The December fundraising was via the issue of $840m of auto-lease asset backed securities, bonds backed by payments from Tesla customers who lease rather than buy their vehicles. The eyebrow-raising minimum investment size of $420,000 was for the riskiest tranche of bonds, totalling $40m in all.  Tesla has attempted to explain the $420,000 figure by claiming that setting a minimum investment size is not unusual, especially for smaller trenches. Tesla also claims that the $420,000 figure was established by outside counsel for the company, not Tesla itself. Law firm Katten Muchin Rosenman claims that the figure was calculated from tax rules aimed at discouraging the lowest-rated securities being issued to a large number of investors. The law firm claims that if the debt were to be held by more than 100 investors, it would be taxed like a corporation, an issue they wished to avoid. Katten divided the $40 million tranche size by 94 and aid that the firm rounded that figure up from $416,000 to $420,000.  Given Musk’s previous issues with the 420 figure, it’s surprising that Tesla chose to go ahead with this particular debt security minimum investment size. “It is a weird number to have chosen,” stated one analyst.                                                                            Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart.com                                                                            
  The director of one of the country’s top pro-amnesty organizations blasted President Donald Trump on Tuesday for shutting down the federal government to “keep his reputation as the tough guy who stands up for white people who want to keep out brown people.”  Frank Sharry of America’s Voice ripped the “damaging and absurd government shutdown” for not being “fundamentally about national security” or “fundamentally about immigration policy.”  Sharry claimed the shutdown is actually “about racism” and a “racist rally chant” that appeals to Americans who want to “make America white again.”      “If this was really about national security, we’d be talking about intelligence, radicalization, countering violent extremism by disrupting networks and modernizing terrorist watchlists. No serious national security expert obsesses about a border wall,” Sherry said in a statement. “If this was really about immigration policy, we’d be talking about modernizing our outdated immigration system in order to create a regulatory regime that manages immigration intelligently rather than represses it ineffectively.”    Sharry also called the “Build the Wall” chant often heard at Trump’s rallies a “racist rally chant” and accused Trump of appealing to “white grievance.”  “It’s about a racist rally chant. It’s about Trump appealing to white grievance by saying he is going to keep out the brown people with a medieval wall,” Sherry continued. “It’s about appealing to the lowest instincts of his base voters with the simplest and stupidest of prescriptions. It’s about Trump’s implied promise to stop the demographic changes underway to make America white again.”  
  Appearing Tuesday evening on CNN’s Cuomo Primetime, Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI), a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, told host Christopher Cuomo that prosecutors are “moving toward indictment and charges” against President Donald Trump.    Democrat Sen. @SenWhitehouse: "If there are crimes that [Trump] has committed, he should be indicted." https://t.co/gMTmCFo5cM pic.twitter.com/T2AYVumL8J  — Cuomo Prime Time (@CuomoPrimeTime) January 16, 2019
  Los Angeles (AFP) – Tiger Woods will make his 2019 debut at next week’s Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines in California, tournament organisers confirmed on Wednesday.  The 43-year-old world number 12, who made a successful return to the sport last year after missing nearly two years through injury, has been a regular competitor at Torrey Pines throughout his career.      He won the last of his 14 majors at the course in 2008, when he famously battled to his third US Open victory in a sudden-death playoff victory over Rocco Mediate.    Woods began his comeback from injury last year at Torrey Pines, going on to play in 18 tournaments across the season and posting seven top-10 finishes including a victory at the season-ending Tour Championship.  Woods, a winner at the Farmers Insurance Open in 1999, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2013, joins a powerful field for the January 24-27 event.  Defending champion Jason Day, world number one Justin Rose, world number seven Jon Rahm and Northern Ireland’s Rory McIlroy are among a host of players who are due to tee it up at the course outside San Diego.  
  Dubai (AFP) – Iran claimed bragging rights over arch-rivals Iraq on Wednesday as they finished top of their Asian Cup group after an engrossing but goalless draw at a packed Al Maktoum Stadium in Dubai.  The latest instalment in one of football’s great rivalries failed to live up to their classic 2015 quarter-final, won by Iraq on penalties, as a raw and uncompromising first half gave way to a more measured second period.      It meant that Iran, Carlos Queiroz’s three-time winners, finished top of Group D on goal difference after their 5-0 thrashing of Yemen and 2-0 win over Vietnam.  Iran welcomed back Brighton’s Alireza Jahanbakhsh, last season’s Eredivisie top-scorer, from injury as they set about going unbeaten for a 20th straight game at the group stage.  And in a physical first half in front of a deafening crowd, Iran, Asia’s top-ranked side, were largely on top but couldn’t make their advantage count.    As the challenges flew in, Jahanbakhsh and Iraq’s Safaa Hadi both wiped away blood, and Iranian midfielder Saman Ghoddos was lucky not to see red for a stamp.  Iran’s Sardar Azmoun came close with a header, Ghoddos saw a powerful drive deflected away and Jahanbakhsh fizzed one over on the rebound. Iran also strongly claimed a penalty when Hadi handled accidentally.  At the other end, Ahmed Yasin’s low shot was just off target and 18-year-old forward Mohanad Ali, scorer of a brilliant solo goal against Yemen, glanced a header wide.  Jahanbakhsh withdrew just after the hour mark and Iraq’s Ali followed shortly afterwards, following a final attempt which the teenager drove straight down the throat of goalkeeper Alireza Beiranvand.  It looked like both sides were happy to settle for a draw before Iraq’s Humam Tariq swung a cross to substitute forward Alaa Abbas, whose header was acrobatically palmed away by Beiranvand.  However, clear-cut chances were scant in the second half as the former war-time foes saved their energies for the bigger challenges to come in the knockout phase.  
  Washington (AFP) – Vice President Mike Pence on Wednesday urged US diplomats to emphasize that the United States still welcomes legal immigrants, amid unrelenting pressure from President Donald Trump to seal off Mexico with a wall.  “I urge you to assure our allies this administration will continue to stand for legal immigration, even while we address the humanitarian and security crisis on our southern border,” Pence told 180 US ambassadors and chiefs of mission abroad who were back at the State Department for an annual meeting.      “The United States supports legal immigration. In fact, we celebrate it. And America has a proud record of support for refugees,” he said.  Pence’s remarks amount to a tacit recognition of the effect on the US image of Trump’s tough talk on unauthorized immigrants, whom the US leader accuses of spreading crime, despite statistics that immigrants are less likely to commit offenses than native-born Americans.  The US government has been shut down for nearly a month as Trump demands that Congress provide $5.7 billion to construct a border wall, a key promise from his presidential campaign.    Despite Pence’s remarks, the Trump administration has cut down on admission of refugees.  The United States accepted 22,491 refugees in the year through September, according to State Department figures, below the available cap of 45,000 and the lowest level in 40 years, with particular reductions on people from the Middle East.  The Trump administration is lowering the cap further for the current fiscal year to 30,000.  The United States nonetheless welcomes more refugees than any other country, although others including Canada and Australia accept more on a per capita basis.  Legal immigration is subject to laws by Congress, although lawyers say that authorities have ramped up scrutiny of applications since Trump took office.  The United States welcomed 1.1 million new permanent residents in the 2017 fiscal year, the last for which statistics are available, a figure that stayed steady despite Trump’s inauguration during the period.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Michigan coach Jim Harbaugh has offered a scholarship to a seventh-grade quarterback from Southfield, Mich.  The coach traveled to Southfield A&T on Tuesday, where he watched film of quarterback Isaiah Marshall, according to ESPN and the Detroit Free Press. After leaving the school, Harbaugh called to inform his father that the 13-year-old was getting a scholarship offer to play for the Wolverines.      Marshall is the son of former Northwestern running back Brian Marshall, who coaches running backs at Southfield. His son attends MacArthur Academy.  “Blessed to receive my first offer from University of Michigan and being the youngest athlete to receive an offer from UM,” Marshall tweeted Tuesday afternoon.  “He came to look at a couple of our kids, he sat down to watch some tape of Isaiah and liked what he saw,” Brian Marshall told the Free Press. “He broke it down and then extended an offer. He called me, I wasn’t up there yet, to extend an offer.”    “He said he was the youngest [to ever receive and offer]. He liked what he saw with the film. He liked his anticipation, as far as him throwing kids open and reading coverages. Ball placement. Touch. Things you’re looking for in a quarterback. Can they read progressions, can they throw guys open, can they be poised. All those different things.”  Marshall is a member of the class of 2024.  This isn’t the first time Harbaugh has scoured the country for younger-than-usual prospects. The Michigan coach offered a scholarship to Massachusetts eighth-grader Tyler Martin.  Harbaugh, 55, owns a 38-14 record in four seasons at Michigan. He posted a 29-21 mark in four seasons at Stanford before a four-year stint as head coach for the San Francisco 49ers and returning to the college ranks.  The Wolverines have the No. 8 recruiting class in 2019, according to 247 Sports. Michigan’s 2019 class ranks No. 4, according to ESPN.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Broad City stars Abbi Jacobson and Ilana Glazer say they wept as they filmed the show’s finale.  The friends and co-stars said on Tuesday’s episode of Jimmy Kimmel Live! that they spent hours crying while shooting the final episode of the Comedy Central series.      Jacobson and Glazer told host Jimmy Kimmel they usually film scenes according to location, not chronological order, but purposely shot the final scene at the end.  “It was wild,” Glazer said of the experience. “So, the characters are like weeping, but we are truly weeping, as is the crew.”  “We could have, even if it wasn’t emotional for us, we could have wept as actors,” Jacobson joked. “But it was helpful that we were emotional.”    Glazer said she and Jacobson intentionally wrote the script so their characters, Ilana Wexler and Abbi Abrams, were crying in the final scenes.  “It was, like, for four hours. We were hysterically crying on a sidewalk in Queens,” she said.  Glazer and Jacobson said they have “definitely” changed since Broad City initially debuted as a web series in 2010. The TV version premiered in January 2014.  “We look at ourselves and the characters and the characters have nothing real going on,” Glazer said. “In real life, we are really smart and talented but we’re also idiots. It still happens. But on the show, we’re just idiots.”  “We’ve been doing the show for 10 years now — we did the web series before the TV version,” Jacobson added. “Now there’s, like, nowhere for [our creative ideas] to go.”  Broad City will return for a fifth and final season Jan. 24.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Florida Panthers forward Mike Hoffman scored his 22nd goal of the season in spectacular fashion with a swift move around Montreal Canadiens goaltender Antti Niemi.  Hoffman collected a turnover by the Canadiens in their defensive zone and skated into a wide-open crease. He deked to his backhand and used one hand to slip the puck around Niemi for Florida’s lone goal of the game.      The Panthers fell 5-1 to the Canadiens on Tuesday night, marking the team’s seventh consecutive loss.    “Yeah, it’s frustrating,” Hoffman told reporters after the game. “We wanted to come into this building and this game and have a shot-first mentality and we definitely did that. We could have very easily had three, four, five goals. [Niemi] made a few good saves and we didn’t really capitalize on some of the chances and that’s the story of the night.”  Hoffman has 41 points through 45 games this season since being traded to the Panthers on June 19, 2018. The forward’s current statistical pace would top his career highs in goals (29) and points (61) for a single season.  The Panthers (17-20-8) have struggled this year and only top the Ottawa Senators in the Atlantic Division. Florida hosts the Toronto Maple Leafs (28-15-2) on Friday night.  
  ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Turkish prosecutors are seeking an international arrest warrant for New York Knicks player Enes Kanter, accusing him of membership in a terror organization.  Sabah newspaper says the Istanbul chief prosecutor’s office had also prepared an extradition request for the NBA player. Officials at the prosecutor’s office could not be reached by The Associated Press for comment.      Kanter, who didn’t go with the Knicks this week for their game in London because he feared he could be killed over his opposition to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, responded on Twitter that the Turkish government could not present “any single piece of evidence of my wrongdoing.”  “I don’t even have a parking ticket in the U.S.,” he wrote Wednesday.  Kanter has been an outspoken critic of Erdogan, and his Turkish passport was revoked in 2017.    This time, Sabah says prosecutors are seeking an Interpol “Red Notice” citing Kanter’s ties to exiled Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, who is blamed for a failed coup in 2016, and accusing him of providing financial support to his group.  Kanter said he feared assassination if he left the U.S. or Canada when he announced last week that he wouldn’t travel with the Knicks, who play the Washington Wizards at The O2 Arena on Thursday. The team said at the time Kanter wouldn’t make the trip because of a visa issue.  Kanter denied that was the problem, even posting a photo of a travel document on social media, and made it clear his issue was his safety because of Erdogan, whom he has referred to as “the Hitler of our century.”  “They’ve got a lot of spies there,” he said. “I think I can get killed there easy. It would be a very ugly situation.”  While the Knicks are overseas, Kanter has posted a number of photos of himself meeting with U.S. congressmen. He also wrote an opinion piece in the Washington Post explaining his decision and his reasons for standing against Erdogan.  “My decision not to travel to London was difficult from a competitive standpoint but much easier from a safety one,” he wrote. “It helps puts a spotlight on how a dictator is wrecking Turkey — people have been killed, thousands are unjustly imprisoned, and countless lives have been ruined. That is no game.”  ___  More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBA and https://twitter.com/AP_Sports  
  DETROIT (AP) — Michigan State University’s Board of Trustees will seek to oust interim President John Engler if he doesn’t resign amid criticism of comments he has made about victims of imprisoned ex-sports medicine doctor Larry Nassar, a trustee said Wednesday.  Brian Mosallam told The Associated Press that the “the votes are there” to force Engler out at a special board meeting scheduled Thursday at the East Lansing school.      Mosallam said he understood that board Chairwoman Dianne Byrum has reached out to Engler. Both Byrum and Mosallam are Democrats, and Engler is a former Republican governor of Michigan.  In an editorial board meeting Friday with The Detroit News, Engler said women sexually assaulted by the now-imprisoned Nassar have been in the “spotlight” and are “still enjoying that moment at times, you know, the awards and recognition.”  Nassar, who molested hundreds of girls and women while employed at Michigan State, is now serving a decades-long prison sentence for molesting patients and possessing child pornography.    The AP left messages Thursday seeking comment from Engler, who was hired last February following the January 2018 resignation of president Lou Anna Simon following the Nassar scandal.  Mosallam, a long-time Engler critic, said Wednesday on Twitter that “JOHN ENGLER’S REIGN OF TERROR IS OVER.” His tweet followed a post by Byrum announcing Thursday’s meeting.  After Engler was hired by the board, Michigan State agreed to a $500 million settlement with 332 women and girls who said they were sexually assaulted by Nassar. Of that, $75 million will cover future claims.  In April, Engler told another university official in emails that the first woman to go public with her accusations about Nassar was probably getting a “kickback” from her attorney.  The elected board has five Democrats, two Republicans and an appointee who was named last month by then-Gov. Rick Snyder. The board’s makeup became more Democratic in the November election. Engler served as Michigan’s governor from 1991 through 2002.  The university fired Nassar in 2016, two years after he was the subject of a sexual assault investigation. He also worked with the U.S. Olympic gymnastics team.  
  The University of North Carolina Chapel Hill chancellor abruptly resigned on Monday — but before doing so, authorized that the remains of a Confederate statue be removed from where it once stood on campus.  UNC-Chapel Hill Chancellor Carol Folt announced her resignation on Monday, adding that she before leaving, one of her last acts as chancellor would be to order the removal of a Confederate statue’s remains from campus.  The statue, known as Silent Sam, had been on UNC-Chapel Hill’s campus for over 100 years, until it was torn down by violent protesters in August 2018.      Silent Sam’s pedestal, however, had remained on campus where the monument once stood, as the university’s board of trustees made plans to relocate the statue to the inside of a building, in order to prevent future protesters from toppling it again.  According to Chancellor Folt, the fact that the pedestal still exists on campus has put “the community at risk.” Folt stated in her resignation letter that “threats have continued to grow” due to the pedestal’s presence.    Overnight, workers removed the base and tablets from the Confederate Monument site. I am confident this is the right decision for our community – one that will promote public safety, enable us to begin the healing process and renew our focus on our great mission.  — Carol Folt (@ChancellorFolt) January 15, 2019
  The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE) launched an effort this week to protect campus free expression around the globe.  FIRE, a non-profit activist group based in Philadelphia, announced on Tuesday that it will be launching a consolidated effort to protect campus expression at universities and colleges around the globe.  The program was inspired by the lack of free expression principles at dozens of universities around the world, many of which located in countries that do not protect speech rights.      In a statement, FIRE Senior Program Officer Sarah McLaughlin lamented the fact that many students around the globe aren’t afforded free speech protections on their college campuses.  “Unfortunately, strong free speech protections are not available in much of the world, and now is the time for universities with partnerships in unfree nations to plan for the possibility — or likelihood — of threats to the rights of their community members,” McLaughlin said.    “FIRE’s Home and Abroad Commitment addresses important issues that have been overlooked in universities’ expansions to other countries,” McLaughlin added. “By pledging that academic freedom and free expression will be primary considerations of future partnerships and agreements, signatory universities will make a public statement that they can be held to should they abandon it — and we’ll watch to see if they do.”  Students and citizens in China must tread lightly when criticizing their own government. Several reports have alleged that Brazilian military recently conducted a confiscation of far left texts from 20 colleges and universities in the country. Malaysia recently proposed a law that would ban criticisms of its monarchy. Those who violate the proposed Malaysian law, if it were to become law, would face criminal penalties.  FIRE’s new program has the potential to draw attention to some of these speech restrictions around the globe. However, it is important that groups like FIRE continue to focus their efforts on the domestic speech issues that rage on here on American campuses.  
  South Korea’s leftist government under President Moon Jae-in abandoned the use of the word “enemy” to describe North Korea, despite the active status of the Korean War, in its most recent defense white paper published Wednesday.  The decision to identify South Korea’s enemies only as “forces which threaten and infringe on the sovereignty, territory, citizens and assets” of the country, without specifying a nation that South Korea is technically at war with, has the potential to once again outrage South Korean conservatives and North Korean defectors in the country who have condemned the Moon administration for attempting to bring Seoul too close to Pyongyang without demanding any changes from the rogue communist state.  Moon has held several in-person meetings with dictator Kim Jong-un, most recently visiting Pyongyang in September, and urged the world this month to reconsider crippling sanctions on the North Korean regime despite the lack of evidence that Kim’s regime has made any moves towards improving its treatment of human rights or ending its illegal nuclear weapons program.      Moon also approved a plan to cut as many as 100,000 troops from the South Korean military generally and limit the South Korean troop presence on the inter-Korean border, or Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), in mid-2018.  Chosun Ilbo reported on Wednesday that the white paper, which South Korea’s Defense Ministry releases every two years, appears to have removed a plan present in the previous edition called “Korea massive punishment and retaliation” and changed the language referring to Japan, no longer identifying it as a country that “shares the basic values of free democracy and market economy.”  “The description of North Korea as the enemy has been scrapped and readopted several times depending on governments’ ideological leanings,” Chosun reports. “But the nuclear and missile threat from the North remains real, and some critics believe the defense white paper should more clearly reflect that to maintain vigilance among the armed forces.”    The newspaper adds that the Defense Ministry explained the absence of North Korea, Seoul’s primary military threat, from the defense white paper was necessary because “invasions and threats by foreign forces are not restricted to North Korea.” The ministry did not name any other nations it considered a threat of invasion, however.  The Associated Press (AP) notes that the white paper has not failed to refer to North Korea as an enemy in this way since 2010. It does mention North Korea’s illegal nuclear weapons program as a “threat to peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula” and estimates that North Korea may have as many as nearly 700,000 more troops than the South.  The paper was released a week after Moon personally made the call for the international community to ease sanctions on North Korea. The United Nations approved an unprecedentedly strict list of sanctions on North Korea following its most recent nuclear bomb test in September 2017.  “We welcome North Korea’s intention to resume their operation without conditions or compensation,” Moon said at a press conference. “My administration will cooperate with the international community, including the United States, to resolve the remaining issues such as international sanctions as soon as possible.”  He went on to add that North Korea “needs to take practical denuclearization steps more boldly if it wishes to resolve the issue of international sanctions because the issue of international sanctions depends on the speed of North Korea’s denuclearization process.”  Critics of Moon’s administration have noted that Moon regularly failed to bring up the issue of human rights when discussing North Korea, and has not publicly done so in his meetings with Kim. North Korean defectors living in the South have further accused the Moon administration of silencing their harrowing stories of survival and attempting to keep them off of television by pressuring news outlets. Late last year, South Korea’s Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon banned a journalist from a press conference on inter-Korean relations because he was born in North Korea, prompting outrage among the Seoul press corps.  North Korea has arguably the world’s worst record on human rights abuses, known to routinely torture and publicly execute suspected dissidents. The state identifies non-atheists, individuals found possessing any entertainment not produced in North Korea, and insufficiently enthusiastic communists as national security threats. Those who are not immediately killed are typically sent to live in labor camps for multiple generations. The number of people tortured in labor camps is estimated to be in the hundreds of thousands.  Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.  
  Brussels (AFP) – A man on trial as the alleged accomplice to the Jewish museum murders in Brussels denied any role in the 2014 shootings and said he was not a jihadist.  Prosecutors told the court that Nacer Bendrer had been flagged years before the attack as a jihadist while in a French prison with Mehdi Nemmouche, the accused museum gunman.      “I’m not a terrorist, not a jihadist. I am innocent,” Bendrer told the court. “Terrorists are sons of bitches.”  Prosecutors said French prison authorities pointed out Bendrer “had been flagged since 2010 as a radicalised prisoner” in the southern French town of Salon-de-Provence.  Bendrer, suspected of having supplied Nemmouche the attack weapons, told the court he was “shocked and annoyed” when he learned of the shootings that killed four people on May 24, 2014.    Upon cross-examination, he admitted having travelled to the Belgian capital in April 2014 to meet Nemmouche, thinking the latter had a drugs-related deal in mind.  But Nemmouche, who is French like Bendrer, drove him to his apartment in the Brussels neighbourhood of Molenbeek to ask him for a Kalachnikov, he said.  In the following days, he said Nemmouche called him several times — investigators say there were 46 phone calls in two weeks in April 2014 — to ask him if he had been able to find weapons.   “I did not find (them). I really could not have cared less,” Bendrer said. “It’s like with a girl. When you don’t answer, she understands.”   During the trial on Tuesday, Nemmouche, 33, denied charges he was the gunman who killed an Israeli couple, a Belgian receptionist and a French volutneer at the museum.      He then refused for now to answer questions in the case, accusing the authorities of striking witnesses from the list who could help his defence.  Both Nemmouche and Bendrer face life in prison if convicted of charges of terrorist murder.  Investigators said Nemmouche attacked the museum shortly after returning from Syria, where he had fought on behalf of jihadist groups.  Six days after the attack, Nemmouche was arrested in the southern French port city of Marseille, where he arrived on a bus from Brussels in possession of a revolver and assault rifle of the types used in the attack.  Bendrer was arrested in Marseille in December 2014 in a home where police found several weapons.  
  Paris (AFP) – A television version of French novelist Michel Houellebecq’s most controversial book is in the pipeline, its backers said Wednesday.  “Submission” has divided critics for imagining a near future in which sharia law is  imposed in France after a Muslim president is elected.      Many saw it as provocative, with the writer — who once described Islam as “the stupidest religion” — later admitting that he was “probably Islamophobic”.  The literary bad boy went into hiding the day it was published in January 2015 after jihadists attacked the Paris offices of Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine, killing 12 people, including a close friend of the writer.   The French film and TV board told AFP that it was helping to fund a series based on the bestseller for the small screen by Guillaume Nicloux.    The film-maker directed the 2014 comedy, “The Kidnapping of Michel Houellebecq”, in which the novelist also starred.  Nicloux is also working on another project in which the socially awkward writer will act alongside French screen legend Gerard Depardieu.  “Submission” sold nearly 800,000 copies in French and more than half a million in Germany alone, confirming Houellebecq’s status as the most read modern French writer abroad.  Houellebecq’s latest novel, “Serotonin”, became an instant bestseller after it was published earlier this month.  Critics hailed it as prophetic, saying that the ageing enfant terrible had predicted the “yellow vests” protest movement that has shaken the country over the last three months.  
  Washington (AFP) – Just four weeks after President Donald Trump declared victory over the Islamic State group, the jihadists conducted a brutal attack in Syria on Wednesday that highlighted a very different reality on the ground.  Multiple US service members were killed when a suicide bomber blew himself up at a restaurant in the key city of Manbij in Syria’s north, the deadliest attack against US forces since they first deployed in Syria in 2015.      Trump claimed on December 19 that the US and its allies had “beaten” IS, and he ordered an immediate troop withdrawal from the war-torn country.   While many Americans cheered Trump’s withdrawal decision, fed up after years of costly and seemingly interminable conflicts, observers said Wednesday’s attack shows he was too hasty.  Charles Lister, a senior fellow at the Middle East Institute, said the attack demonstrated how IS can now conduct a low-level insurgency in Syria.    This is “precisely how this jihadist organization has adapted and gone back on the attack in years past,” Lister said.   “Trump’s order was reckless and driven far more by domestic political concerns than it was by facts on the ground.”  To bolster his argument that IS had been defeated, Trump highlighted how much territory the group had lost since it declared a “caliphate” across swaths of Syria and Iraq in 2014.   But the jihadists still hold small pockets of land in the Euphrates River Valley, and thousands of fighters are thought to remain in Syria.  “To suggest ISIS is ‘defeated’ because it no longer controls territory is to fundamentally misunderstand how ISIS and similar organizations seek to operate,” Lister said.    – ‘No time to retreat’ –  The American president did not immediately react to the US troop deaths, but Vice President Mike Pence double-downed on Trump’s declaration that the US would pull all of its 2,000 troops from Syria.  “The caliphate has crumbled and ISIS has been defeated,” Pence said, without referencing the attack.  The White House referred questions back to the Pentagon.  Members of Trump’s own Republican Party have spoken out against his withdrawal plans, including Senator Lindsey Graham, usually a stalwart supporter.    “My concern about the statements made by President Trump is that (he) had set in motion an enthusiasm by the enemy we are fighting,” Graham said.   “I would hope the president would look long and hard with where he’s headed in Syria. I know people are frustrated, but we are never going to be safe here unless we are willing to help people over there who will stand up against this radical ideology.”  Senator Marco Rubio, another Republican, said IS’s claim for the attack serves as a “tragic reminder that ISIS not been defeated and is transforming into a dangerous insurgency.”  “This is no time to retreat from the fight against ISIS. Will only embolden & strengthen them,” Rubio said on Twitter.  In the weeks since he gave the withdrawal order, and the Pentagon began to implement it, Trump and members of his administration have delivered mixed messages about the timeline.  National Security Advisor John Bolton last week announced conditions for a withdrawal that appeared to slow it for an undetermined amount of time.  Adding to the confusion, the Pentagon then said the US has already begun “the process of our deliberate withdrawal” from Syria, but stressed this was only for “non-essential” military gear — and not troops.   
  Ottawa (AFP) – Armed militants kidnapped a Canadian worker in a night raid by militants at a mine in Burkina Faso as the country battles a wave of extremist violence and lawlessness, a senior government official said Wednesday.  “It happened Tuesday night,” the official told AFP, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter. The mine, near the border with Niger, is owned by Progress Minerals.    The kidnapping in the West African country comes a month after a Canadian woman went missing after traveling to Burkina Faso with an Italian friend as part of a humanitarian aid program.    
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Dax Shepard is exploring the possibility of a past addiction to sex.  The 44-year-old actor recalled his “suspicious” physiological response to relationship troubles during Tuesday’s episode of the Phil in the Blanks podcast with Dr. Phil.      “I’d say I’ve had what could maybe be called a sex addiction at some point in my life. Not one that I had seek treatment for,” Shepard told host Dr. Phil.  “Up ’til then, I would have just said, ‘Oh, I have sex with a lot of people. I like to do it. It’s healthy. Who cares? I’m not getting diseases. I’m single. Whatever,’” he said of his past approach.  The Parenthood alum said he started questioning himself after getting in a fight with an ex-girlfriend.    “I hung up the phone. I was driving in the car, and I immediately got horny. Now, that is a biochemical feeling. I’m getting a serotonin dump,” the star said. “And I think, ‘Hmm, I’m gonna text this girl I know,’ and I text that girl and there was a delay.”  “I was like, ‘That’s suspicious. I just felt disempowered by my girlfriend and immediately I got horny. Could my brain be, like, taking care of me?’” he recounted. “It was just that my brain made me horny so I didn’t have to feel that other thing. That’s so complex.”  Shepard has been open about his past addiction to drugs and alcohol. He marked the 12th anniversary of his sobriety in September 2016, voicing his gratitude for his family and sober lifestyle.  “12 years ago today I came out of my last toxic, life threatening stupor. I now have a wife & babies & some self-esteem #gratitude #promises,” the star said on Twitter.  Shepard married Kristen Bell in October 2013, and is parent to two daughters, 5-year-old Lincoln and 4-year-old Delta, with the actress. The couple shared an emotional moment while celebrating Shepard’s birthday on The Ellen DeGeneres Show this month.  
  NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — All the gunmen who staged a deadly attack on a luxury hotel and shopping complex in Nairobi were killed, Kenya’s president said Wednesday, declaring an end to the brazen, overnight siege that underscored the ability of al-Shabab extremists to strike despite military setbacks.  Fourteen “innocent lives” were lost in the attack that began on Tuesday, President Uhuru Kenyatta said in a televised address to the nation.      “We will seek out every person that was involved in the funding, planning and execution of this heinous act,” Kenyatta vowed in announcing that the all-night operation by security forces to retake the DusitD2 complex was over.  Security footage showed at least four heavily armed men in military-style garb took part in the attack, an assault marked by explosions and heavy gunfire. Kenyatta did not say how many attackers were involved, but “all the terrorists have been eliminated.”  Al-Shabab, which is based in Somalia and allied with al-Qaida, claimed responsibility. The Islamic extremist group also carried out the 2013 attack at Nairobi’s nearby Westgate Mall that killed 67 people, and an assault on Kenya’s Garissa University in 2015 that claimed 147 lives, mostly students.    While U.S. air strikes and African Union forces have degraded the group’s ability to operate, it is still capable of carrying out spectacular attacks in retaliation for the Kenyan military’s campaign against it in Somalia.  The attacks in Kenya’s capital appear designed to inflict maximum damage to the country’s image of stability and its tourism industry, an important source of revenue.  The government said late Tuesday that buildings were secure. However, gunfire continued into Wednesday morning, and dozens of trapped people were rescued overnight. Several loud booms were heard Wednesday as teams sought to clear the complex of booby traps and other explosives.  Kenyatta’s announcement that the security operation was complete came about 20 hours after the first reports of the attack.  The Kenyan Red Cross said about 50 people were unaccounted for. But many of those were believed not to have been in the complex during the attack.    Ken Njoroge, CEO of a company in the DustiD2 complex that offers mobile banking services, said he was unable to locate several employees.  “It’s very difficult for the families because the passage of time only makes the problem bigger,” he said.  Most of the victims were believed to be Kenyan, though an American and a Briton were among the dead. San Francisco-based I-DEV International confirmed that the American was Jason Spindler, the company’s co-founder and managing director.  Jason Spindler’s father, Joseph, said his son worked with international companies to form business partnerships in Kenya that would boost local economies.  A man who gave only his first name, Davis, described how he had escaped with colleagues during the attack by fleeing down a fire escape.  “It’s a traumatic experience. It shakes you,” he said. Still, Davis said he was impressed by the “inner strength” and compassion of people who helped each other in the midst of danger.  His own thoughts, he said, were: “Get people out and get out yourself. That’s it.”  ___  Follow Africa news at https://twitter.com/AP_Africa  
  House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said Wednesday afternoon that Democrats had effectively canceled President Donald Trump’s State of the Union address.  “The state of the union is off,” Hoyer said in an interview with CNN, adding that Trump could not convince them to schedule it until Trump reopened the government.    "The State of the Union is off." @LeaderHoyer just now. pic.twitter.com/3DtSqAWFCK  — Kate Bolduan (@KateBolduan) January 16, 2019
  An American businessman who survived the terror attacks in New York City on September 11, 2001, was killed in a Tuesday terror attack in Kenya at a Nairobi hotel.  Jason Spindler, 40, who was the director of the business development firm I-DEV International in Nairobi, was killed along with at least 14 other people in in the attack carried out at an upscale hotel complex in Nairobi.  The State Department confirmed an American citizen had been among the casualties but did not reveal the man’s identity until Wednesday.      Spindler worked for Salomon Brothers as an analyst in New York City when the September 11 attacks took place. He managed to escape from Building 7, which was completely demolished after rubble from the North Tower collapsed on the building. The falling debris sparked fires which spread to the building’s lower floors.  Spindler’s brother, Jonathan, wrote a post on Facebook Tuesday confirming the death of his brother.  “Jason was a survivor of 9/11 and a fighter. I am sure he gave them hell. There are no words to describe how our family is feeling but I can say… Jason Spindler, you are and always will be an amazing son, brother and uncle,” Jonathan Spindler wrote. “Rest in peace – we will miss you dearly.”    Spindler’s friend, Chris Schroeder, also tweeted a tribute to his friend:    Jason Spindler was one of those rare men who was loved by pretty much anyone be touched in Kenya and around the world. Today he was killed in the terrible al shabab attack in Nairobi. He chose a life of hope and inclusion.  I am grateful to have known and learned from him. pic.twitter.com/B4YnxB6bic  — Chris Schroeder (@cmschroed) January 16, 2019
  The number of unaccompanied migrant children housed by the federal government jumped by more than 450 percent following President Barack Obama’s implementation of the DACA program in 2012. Government programs provided shelter to about 8,000 per year prior to implementation. After, the numbers jumped exponentially to an average of more than 44,000 annually.  Information obtained by Breitbart News from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the agency tasked with operating shelters for Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC), revealed that prior to President Obama’s implementation of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) amnesty program in June 2012, the number of UACs housed in shelters operated by HHS averaged about 8,000 per year, officials stated. Since that time, the number jumped to a yearly average of more than 44,000–an increase of more than 450 percent.  The increase corresponded with the election-year DACA program announced by Obama in the summer of 2012.  The increase has shown a dramatic impact on the cost to U.S. taxpayers. As of January 13, HHS is housing approximately 10,500 UACs in roughly 100 shelters across 17 states, an agency official stated. During Fiscal Year 2018, the average duration of a migrant child’s stay in a facility was about 60 days.      The official stated that the average cost to house a migrant child in a regular shelter facility is about $256 per day. Therefore, the average cost per migrant child over the 60-day stay in an HHS shelter is approximately $15,360. This means the cost for the 10,500 unaccompanied minors currently being housed in HHS shelters is nearly $2.7 million per day, according to the numbers provided by HHS. If these migrant children were held for the full 60 days, the cost would reach nearly $164 million.    However, these numbers do not account for overflow situations where the cost of housing nearly triples to $775 per day or $46,500 per migrant child housed for the 60-day average. Breitbart News has requested information about how many migrant children are held in these overflow housing beds.  “HHS is committed to ensuring that all UAC referred to our custody are cared for appropriately,” the HHS official stated. “To do so, we make every effort to ensure funds are used as effectively as possible to provide safe shelter and adequate services and that costs are contained to the degree possible.”  Congress decreased the annual budget for housing UACs from nearly $1.6 billion in FY2018 to $1.3 billion in FY2019, according to HHS records.      Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for the Breitbart Border team. He is an original member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.      
  Attorney George Conway on Wednesday implied that his wife, White House counselor Kellyanne Conway, has not yet figured out that she doesn’t need President Donald Trump for anything.  Reacting to New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman’s tweet in which she claimed House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) has leverage over the president as the partial government shutdown rolls on, Conway tweeted: “No one needs him. It’s just that some people haven’t figured it out yet.”    No one needs him.  It’s just that some people haven’t figured it out yet. https://t.co/bffEeZS7vu  — George Conway (@gtconway3d) January 16, 2019
  Angel Moms Mary Ann Mendoza and Sabine Durden say when they stormed Rep. Nancy Pelosi’s (D-CA) Capitol Hill office on Tuesday, the Democrat congresswoman refused to “even fake” acknowledge their loved ones who were killed at the hands of illegal aliens.  In exclusive interviews with SiriusXM Patriot’s Breitbart News Tonight and Breitbart News Daily, the Angel Moms described the moment they confronted Pelosi’s congressional staff and tried to meet with her over her opposition to stopping illegal immigration.              Sabine Durden, who lost her son Dominic when he was murdered by an illegal alien, said Pelosi’s ignoring the American victims of illegal alien crime was nothing short of “hurtful.”  “The doors stayed closed, we got this bored look from her receptionist,” Durden described of the protest. “We just knew that she was somewhere in there and they just didn’t want to give us the time of day. We didn’t want to have a long meeting and at least have her acknowledge us, but nothing. Nothing, none of that.”  “It’s so disrespectful, it’s unbelievably hurtful, and you feel re-victimized by her because of her flippant statements and acting like this is not a serious problem,” Durden said.    Listen to Durden’s full interview here:    Durden said the Angel Moms were told that Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) was not in or around her office which turned out to be untrue.  “They said she wasn’t there and we’re sitting in the room and … she walks in … and I’m like ‘Really? She has a twin in here?'”  Mary Ann Mendoza — whose 32-year-old police officer son Brandon Mendoza was killed by a drunk illegal alien in Mesa, Arizona — called Pelosi’s failure to meet with victims “very disturbing,” explaining that she met with other constituents as they protested:    What was very disturbing in Nancy Pelosi’s office is the minute we walked in there, you could tell the staff … they were up in arms and they weren’t going to let anything happen and tried to stay polite but weren’t going to answer anything in a positive way. They wouldn’t say if she was there or not. And then as we were leaving, a woman walked in and said she was there for her appointment with Speaker Pelosi and she got escorted behind the door. [Emphasis added]  …  If they acknowledge that we exist, it would completely destroy their narrative that these people do not commit crimes. [Emphasis added]  Listen to Mendoza’s full interview here:    “She seems to be working for illegals, not us. How dare you minimize my loss, my destroyed family. My only child is gone, I have no family left,” Durden said. “And you can’t even fake it? Wow. I was floored, but not really surprised.”  Democrats, and many Republicans, have refused to meet with the American victims of illegal alien crimes.  Last year, alone, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency arrested nearly 2,000 convicted and suspected illegal alien killers, leaving behind countless American and legal immigrant victims.  Since Christmas, there have been two high profile murders of Americans allegedly killed by illegal aliens.  Days before New Year’s Eve, 22-year-old Pierce Corcoran of Knoxville, Tennessee was killed in a car crash allegedly caused by 44-year-old illegal alien Franco Cambrany Francisco-Eduardo. Likewise, the day after Christmas, 33-year-old Newman, California police officer Ronil Singh was allegedly gunned down during a traffic stop and killed by 32-year-old illegal alien Gustavo Perez Arriaga.    John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.     
  London (AFP) – Ireland coach Joe Schmidt says Johnny Sexton is making good progress in his recovery from injury as the defending champions on Wednesday named a squad of 38 players for the opening two rounds of the Six Nations.  Sexton, the reigning World Player of the Year, has been troubled by a knee tendon issue and will miss Leinster’s final European Champions Cup pool match at Wasps on Sunday.      But Schmidt say Sexton’s presence in the squad means the fly-half is on course to feature when Ireland start their Six Nations campaign at home to England on February 2 before meeting Scotland at Murrayfield seven days later.  “Johnny Sexton is making good progress, while (fly-halves) Joey Carbery and Jack Carty have both performed consistently well so far this season,” Schmidt said.  Centre Robbie Henshaw has recovered from a hamstring strain to take his place in the squad.    Scrum-half Luke McGrath is likely to miss the entire tournament after damaging knee ligaments, but Conor Murray is back after a neck injury.  With Kieran Marmion also missing through injury, Ulster’s John Cooney and Connacht’s uncapped Caolin Blade offer scrum-half options.  On the centres and back-three positions, Schmidt added: “Bundee Aki and a fresh and fully fit Robbie Henshaw squeeze out Rory Scannell, who was great for Munster last Friday, and Stu McCloskey, who continues to give Ulster gain line as well as defensive solidity.  “At outside centre Tom Farrell has forced his way into contention and Chris Farrell is working his way back to match fitness, improving week by week.  “We’re sure that Sam Arnold and Rory O’Loughlin will continue to improve and both have plenty of promise.”    Ahead of the Six Nations, Ireland’s squad will travel to Portugal to hold a four-day training camp from January 21.  Ireland squad:  Forwards:  Rory Best (Ulster), Sean Cronin (Leinster), Niall Scannell (Munster), Tadhg Furlong (Leinster), Cian Healy (Leinster), Dave Kilcoyne (Munster), Jack McGrath (Leinster), Andrew Porter (Leinster), John Ryan (Munster), Tadgh Beirne (Munster), Ultan Dillane (Connacht), Iain Henderson (Ulster), James Ryan (Leinster), Devin Toner (Leinster), Jack Conan (Leinster), Jordi Murphy (Ulster), Sean O’Brien (Leinster), Peter O’Mahony (Munster), Rhys Ruddock (Leinster), CJ Stander (Munster), Josh van der Flier (Leinster)  Backs:  Will Addison (Ulster), Andrew Conway (Munster), Keith Earls (Munster), Rob Kearney (Leinster), Jordan Larmour (Leinster), Jacob Stockdale (Ulster), Bundee Aki (Connacht), Chris Farrell (Munster), Tom Farrell (Connacht), Robbie Henshaw (Leinster), Garry Ringrose (Leinster), Joey Carbery (Munster), Jack Carty (Connacht), Johnny Sexton (Leinster), Caolin Blade (Connacht), John Cooney (Ulster), Conor Murray (Munster)  
  New York (AFP) – Goldman Sachs reported better-than-expected profits on Wednesday despite higher legal costs as it works through the 1MDB scandal, while Bank of America’s earnings were lifted by higher interest rates.  Goldman reported mixed operational performance across its trading, investing and lending businesses, while Bank of America enjoyed a lift from higher interest rates.      Shares of both banks surged more than seven percent after the results, which were stronger than earnings earlier this week from some rival banks.   Goldman Chief Executive David Solomon described conditions in the real economy as “quite robust,” echoing other bank executives this week that have described economic worries that have roiled markets as exaggerated.  “There has been quite a disconnect between the weak market sentiment and the optimism we continue to see in corporate board rooms,” Solomon told an analyst conference call.    The investment bank notched fourth-quarter profits of $2.3 billion, after posting a $2.1 billion in the same period of the prior year due to one-time costs associated with US tax reform.  Revenues were about flat compared to a year earlier at $8.1 billion.  Goldman joined other large banks in reporting a drop in US Treasury trading amid heavy volatility at the end of 2018. But the overall trading division still notched a modest revenue gain because of higher equity trading.  The firm also had higher revenues in financial advisory services but lower sales in debt and equity underwriting.   Goldman increased the funds it set aside for litigation and regulatory proceedings to $516 million from $9 million in the year-ago period.    – Apologizes to Malaysia –  The investment bank has been embroiled in a scandal involving Malaysian fund 1MDB that is the subject of numerous government probes but the company’s news release did not say what the funds were earmarked for.  Goldman helped 1MDB to issue $6.5 billion in bonds but Kuala Lumpur accuses the bank and its former employees of misappropriating $2.7 billion during the process.  In November, the Justice Department announced that former senior banker Tim Leissner had pleaded guilty to violating US anti-bribery and money laundering laws and agreed to pay $43.7 million in restitution.  Solomon apologized for Leissner’s role in the debacle but reiterated that Goldman had undertaken extensive due diligence on the transactions and said the firm had been misled by Leissner and senior officials in the Malaysian government about the role of a key intermediary in the scandal, Low Taek Jho.    “It’s very clear that the people of Malaysia were defrauded by many individuals including the highest members of the prior government,” Solomon said. “Per Leissner’s role in that fraud, we apologize for the Malaysian people.”  Solomon said employees at Goldman were “extremely angry” about Leissner’s role but that morale was good due to the bank’s strong financial performance.   Goldman has suffered a “reputation dent” tied to the scandal, Solomon acknowledged, but added that the effect on clients had been “de minimus.”   – Bank of America soars –  Bank of America, meanwhile, reported fourth-quarter profits of $7.2 billion, more than triple the year-ago level. As with Goldman, the year-ago period was hit with a hefty one-time charge tied to US tax reform.  Revenues jumped 11.3 percent to $22.7 billion.  A key driver across consumer, wealth management and corporate banking divisions was higher net interest income following recent Federal Reserve interest rate hikes. The bank also scored higher overall loans compared with the year-ago period.  “Through the trillions of dollars of consumer transactions we process and from the steady confidence and activity of our small business and commercial clients, we see a healthy consumer and business climate driving a solid economy,” said Chief Executive Brian Moynihan.  Near midday, Goldman Sachs shares were up 8.4 percent at $194.96, while Bank of America had gained 7.6 percent to $28.56.  
  The Hague (AFP) – The International Criminal Court on Wednesday ordered the release of former Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo, a day after his shock acquittal over post-electoral violence in which 3,000 people died.  Judges rejected a bid by prosecutors to keep the 73-year-old fallen strongman in detention pending an appeal against the decision to clear him of crimes against humanity in the west African nation.      As supporters danced and cheered outside the court in The Hague, in Abidjan the government of Gbagbo’s arch-rival, President Alassane Ouattara, said there was no political obstacle to his return.  Gbagbo and his right-hand man Charles Ble Goude were tried over bloodshed that gripped the former French colony in 2010-2011 after Gbagbo refused to concede defeat to Ouattara in a presidential vote.  The ICC said in a statement that the three-judge panel “decides to release Laurent Gbagbo and Charles Ble Goude following acquittal”, adding that there were “no exceptional circumstances preventing the release” despite arguments to the contrary by prosecutors.    Judges “directed the ICC registrar to make the necessary logistical, organisational and diplomatic arrangements for the release of Mr Gbagbo and Mr Ble Goude”.  They must also vow to return to the court in case of a retrial, they said.  ICC prosecutors can still lodge an appeal against the decision to release them, the court said.  – ‘Overwhelmed with joy’ –  However it remained unclear how soon Gbagbo and Ble Goude — a former minister and youth movement leader — would be freed, and where they would go afterwards.    Gbagbo’s daughter Marie Laurence said her father planned to return home after seven years in detention.  “We are so overwhelmed with joy, we are proud of Dad. He went through it with dignity,” she told reporters outside the ICC.  “We think that it was for a cause and that the message was clear — an innocent standing for Africa. Justice prevailed, the truth came out,” she added.  “We assume that the plan is to go back to Ivory Coast. We don’t know how long it will take for all the paperwork.”  Gbagbo has been behind bars since 2011, when he was captured by Ouattara’s troops, aided by UN and French forces, and sent to The Hague.    Violence after the November 2010 election turned Abidjan into a war zone and destabilised the African economic powerhouse, the world’s largest cocoa-producing nation.  Gbagbo went on trial in 2016 but on Tuesday judges threw out the case midway, saying the prosecution case was “exceptionally weak” and that there was no need even to hear from the defence.  – ‘Calm, forgiveness and reconciliation’ –  In Ivory Coast, however, Gbagbo still faces a 20-year jail term for “economic crimes” imposed by a local court last year.  “Any decision lies with him. We have no comment to make otherwise,” said government spokesman Sidi Tiemoko Toure when asked about a Gbagbo homecoming.  He added that the government “urges calm, forgiveness and reconciliation” and that Ouattara “and the government are thinking of the victims” of the crisis.  Gbagbo’s wife Simone, dubbed the Iron Lady, was granted an amnesty by Ouattara last August from a similar 20-year jail term.  Ivory Coast faces fresh elections in 2020 to elect a successor to Ouattara, who has said he will not stand for re-election after serving two five-year terms.  The case meanwhile has put renewed pressure on the ICC after a series of failures in cases involving former national leaders — most of them in Africa.  Last year, DR Congo warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba was acquitted on appeal for crimes allegedly committed by his militia in Central African Republic in 2002-03.  Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta also saw charges of crimes against humanity over electoral bloodshed dropped by the ICC prosecutor in 2014.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — With the help of a group of college students and the HBO series Curb Your Enthusiasm, scientists have gained a better understanding of how the brain time-stamps memories.  Using high-powered functional MRI, scientists observed brain patterns as students watched the hit TV show starring comedian Larry David. After watching an episode, scientists recorded the students’ brain signals as they viewed still frames from the episode.      When participants were able to accurately recall the timing of events featured in a specific still frame, scientists noticed a surge of neural activity in the lateral entorhinal cortex and the perirhinal cortex.  Researchers detailed their discovery this week in the journal Nature Neuroscience.  “The field of neuroscience has focused extensively on understanding how we encode and store information about space, but time has always been a mystery,” Michael Yassa, a professor of neurobiology and behavior at the University of California, Irvine, said in a news release. “This study and the Moser team’s study represent the first cross-species evidence for a potential role of the lateral entorhinal cortex in storing and retrieving information about when experiences happen.”    Both the lateral entorhinal cortex and the perirhinal cortex surround the hippocampus and have previously been identified as important to the formation of memories related to objects but not spatial location.  “Space and time have always been intricately linked, and the common wisdom in our field was that the mechanisms involved in one probably supported the other as well,” said lead researcher Maria Montchal, a grad student in Yassa’s lab. “But our results suggest otherwise.”  Last year, researchers in Yassa’s lab published a study showing adults with lower-than-average memory performance exhibited signs of dysfunction in the lateral entorhinal cortex and the perirhinal cortex.  Scientists have struggled to set up lab tests that replicate the way humans and their brains process time in the real world. Curb Your Enthusiasm offered a breakthrough. Its characters, scenes, dialogue, humor and pacing reflect the narrative qualities of everyday life.  “We chose this show in particular because we thought it contained events that were relatable, engaging and interesting,” Yassa said. “We also wanted one without a laugh track. Interestingly, while the show is hilarious for some of us, it did not seem to instigate a lot of laughter among the college undergraduates we tested — which was excellent for us, as we needed to keep their heads inside the scanner.”  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Rihanna is suing her father for falsely using the family name Fenty, which is also the name of her beauty line.  The singer filed the lawsuit in federal court in California, arguing that her father, Ronald Fenty, and his business partner, Moses Joktan Perkins, are using the Fenty name for their own Fenty Entertainment business without her permission.      Rihanna, real name Robyn Rihanna Fenty, trademarked the name in 2014 for Fenty Beauty, a makeup brand.    Rihanna says her father and Perkins are using the Fenty name to trick businesses and investors into thinking Rihanna is involved with Fenty Entertainment and would perform at various venues around the world. She is suing for false designation of origin, false advertising and invasion of her rights of privacy and publicity.  “Mr. Fenty and Mr. Perkins have used these lies in a fraudulent effort to solicit millions of dollars from unsuspecting third parties in exchange for the false promise that they were authorized to act on Rihanna’s behalf, and/or that Rihanna would perform at various locations throughout the world,” attorney Carla Wirtschafter writes in the complaint.  “Simply put, Mr. Fenty, Mr. Perkins and the Company are not presently, nor have they ever been, authorized to exploit Rihanna’s name, her intellectual property or the goodwill associated with her well-known ‘Fenty’ brand, or to solicit any business on her behalf,” she continued.  Rihanna has sent multiple cease-and-desist orders that were reportedly ignored. She is asking for an injunction against her father to stop using the Fenty name.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Former Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant took in a Stars game Tuesday night and provided motivation to the team.  Bryant, who wore a customized Stars jersey with his signature No. 88 stitched on it, announced Dallas’ starting lineup in the locker room before a contest against the Tampa Bay Lightning at American Airlines Center.      The current New Orleans Saints wideout, who is currently on injured reserve, pumped up the Stars and told them “to be relentless.”    The 30-year-old Bryant also watched from the bench during pregame warmups and interacted with fans when the action started.  Bryant, a native of Lufkin, Texas, played with the Cowboys for eight seasons before being released on April 13, 2018. He signed a one-year contract with the Saints on Nov. 7, 2018.  Bryant, a three-time Pro Bowler, was an All-Pro selection in 2014. He has 531 receptions, 7,459 yards and 73 touchdowns in his NFL career.  The Stars fell 2-0 to the league-leading Lightning. Ondrej Palat and Mikhail Sergachev scored Tampa Bay’s goals in the victory.  Dallas has a 23-20-4 record this season and stand as the Western Conference’s No. 7 seed with 50 points. They host the Los Angeles Kings (18-25-4) on Thursday night.  
  LOS ANGELES (AP) — New York real estate heir Robert Durst has been scheduled to go on trial in late summer on charges of killing a friend in Los Angeles nearly two decades ago.  A judge on Tuesday scheduled the trial to begin on Sept. 3, the Los Angeles Times reported .      “Sept. 3 is fine for trial,” Durst told the judge.  Durst is accused of killing his best friend Susan Berman in 2000 to keep her from telling authorities what she knew about the disappearance of Durst’s wife in 1982.  Durst has pleaded not guilty to killing Berman and has publicly denied any involvement in the disappearance of Kathleen Durst. She is presumed dead.    In a setback for his defense in the Berman murder case, Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mark E. Windham ruled that during the trial prosecutors can present evidence involving the 2001 killing of a Durst neighbor in Texas.  A jury acquitted Durst of murder in that case after finding that the killing was in self-defense.  Durst was arrested in New Orleans in March 2015, just hours before the airing of the final episode of HBO’s “The Jinx: The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst.”  The documentary examined the disappearance of his wife, and the killings of Berman and the Texas neighbor, Morris Black.  The HBO series created a sensation after Durst was heard during the finale muttering to himself on a live microphone: “You’re caught! What the hell did I do? Killed them all, of course.”    Prosecutors will try to make the connection between Berman’s death and the mystery around Kathleen Durst’s disappearance, which they want to show as the foundation for the motive for Berman’s slaying.  In his ruling that prosecutors could use evidence from the Texas case, the judge said the killings of Black and Berman seemed “to be intertwined.”  The murder charge against Durst includes the special circumstance allegations of lying in wait and killing a witness to a crime.  There is also an allegation that he personally used a handgun to carry out the murder.  ___  Information from: Los Angeles Times, http://www.latimes.com/  
  LOS ANGELES (AP) — A Los Angeles teachers union leader hinted of a possible resumption of contract bargaining Wednesday as striking educators in the second largest U.S. school district walked picket lines outside hundreds of schools for a third day.  “We’ll have more information for you later in the day about the bargaining table and when we’re getting back to that bargaining table,” United Teachers Los Angeles President Alex Caputo-Pearl told teachers rallying in the rain outside a high school.      Caputo-Pearl said the union had “engaged” Mayor Eric Garcetti to help in the dispute that prompted administrators to staff classroom with substitute teachers, but he provided no further details. The mayor does not have authority over the school district but has been involved in seeking a resolution of the contract dispute.  Los Angeles Unified School District administrators have urged the union to resume bargaining.  “We need our educators back in our classrooms helping inspire our students,” Superintendent Austin Beutner said Tuesday. Teachers are pressing for higher pay, smaller class sizes and more support staff that school officials say could bankrupt the nation’s second-largest system.    Teachers with the independent Accelerated Schools charter network — who are also union members but negotiate their contract separately — walked off the job Tuesday to demand better working conditions and in support for public school educators.  Los Angeles is experiencing the same tension over charter schools seen in other states, with critics arguing the privately run public schools hurt district finances by drawing away students and the money that goes with them. Caputo-Pearl has called the funds flowing to charters an “existential threat.”  But Caputo-Pearl said Tuesday the union isn’t against all charters, just their “unregulated growth.”  “We don’t need to have the grow-as-fast-as-you-can business model that’s promoted by charter school billionaires,” he said. “We need to invest in our existing schools.”  Beutner has said he envisions moving toward a system with public and charter schools under the same leadership. Critics contend Beutner, an investment banker with no education background, wants to run schools like a business.    Charter teachers joining the strike is a big deal because it shows they “see themselves in solidarity with the broader body of district educators,” said John Rogers, a professor of education at University of California, Los Angeles.  It wasn’t clear how many charter teachers walked off the job.  Unlike strikes in other states, all 1,240 K-12 schools in LA Unified were open. The district has hired hundreds of substitutes to replace tens of thousands of staff, a move the union has called irresponsible.  The walkout Monday was marked by a plunge in attendance, with about 144,000 students out of more than 600,000 in class. On Tuesday that number grew to 159,000.  Parents who sent their kids to school wondered how much teaching was happening as students were herded into large groups. David Biener said his son and daughter completed worksheets in math and history while sitting on the gym floor at their middle school.    “It’s not an ideal situation, obviously, but there was some learning going on,” he said. “It wasn’t a free for all.”  Biener was undecided about whether the kids would go back to school on Wednesday.  No new talks have been scheduled.  The union rejected the district’s latest offer to hire nearly 1,200 teachers, counselors, nurses and librarians and reduce class sizes by two students. It also included a previously proposed 6-percent raise over the first two years of a three-year contract. The union wants a 6.5 percent hike at the start of a two-year contract.  Caputo-Pearl, the union president, said members are “prepared to go as long as it takes” to get a fair contract. The last strike in 1989 lasted nine days.  Meanwhile, Beutner urged the teachers to join him in pushing for more funding from the state, which provides 90 percent of the district’s money.  The district says the demands run up against an expected half-billion-dollar deficit this budget year and billions that are obligated for pension payments and health coverage for retired teachers. “The painful truth is we just don’t have enough money,” Beutner said.  The union argues that the district is hoarding reserves of $1.8 billion.  Teachers earn between $44,000 and $86,000 annually depending on their education and experience. The district says the average salary is $75,000.  ___  Associated Press writer John Antczak in Los Angeles contributed to this report.  ___  Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM  
  ATLANTA (AP) — Major League Soccer MVP Josef Martinez kept insisting he was happy with Atlanta United.  He backed it up Wednesday by signing a five-year contract extension with the MLS Cup champion, ending any questions about whether might be looking for another shot in Europe after a record season.      No terms were released on a deal that runs through the 2023 season, but Martinez figured to get a hefty increase over the $1.4 million in guaranteed salary he received last season.  The 25-year-old Venezuelan scored 31 goals in 2018, easily eclipsing the MLS record. He added four more goals in the playoffs, leading Atlanta United to a league championship in just its second season.  Martinez became the first player in league history to capture the MVP award for the regular season, the All-Star Game and the MLS Cup in the same year.    Martinez initially came to Atlanta United on loan from Torino in Serie A. After struggling in Italy’s top division, the striker thrived with the MLS expansion team, scoring 19 goals in 20 games his first season despite missing extensive time with a quadriceps injury sustained while playing for his national team.  He took his totals even higher this past year, demonstrating an ability to score with either foot and especially with his head — a credit to his fearlessness in front of the goal despite his short stature, which is generously listed as 5-foot-7.  “This means a lot to me because of the affection that the fans have shown me, that the fans show all of the players. It’s unique,” Martinez said in a statement. “They recognize the effort that you give and they know you did everything to win, and I think that’s why we love playing here. I have to thank everyone. My teammates, the city, my family and friends, because this is a dream I’ve always had.”  Martinez stressed that he is comfortable in Atlanta and has no desire to take another shot at playing in a top European league. United has set numerous attendance records over its two season, averaging more than 53,000 per game in 2018.  “I’ve said before that I don’t want to go anywhere because this is my home,” he said. “You can expect more work, more intensity, because that’s who I am. I want to win. I want to do everything for my teammates and for the city.”    In the MLS Cup title game last month, Martinez scored the opening goal and assisted on the second in a 2-0 victory over the Portland Timbers.  “Josef is an exciting, dynamic player and has proven himself to be one of the best in MLS over the past two seasons,” team president Darren Eales said. “We’re excited to secure Josef’s long-term future in Atlanta and we look forward to celebrating many more accomplishments together.”  Atlanta United opened training camp Tuesday, in preparation for its first appearance in the CONCACAF Champions League next month. The MLS season begins March 3.  Martinez thrived under previous coach Tata Martino, who left after the season to take over the Mexican national team. He was replaced by former Dutch star and Ajax coach Frank de Boer, who looks forward to working with the record-setting striker.  “As a manager, he’s the type of player you want on your team because he is intensely focused and you can count on him every time he steps on the field,” de Boer said.  Notes: United also announced that defender Franco Escobar will miss six-to-eight weeks after sustaining a fractured right clavicle during the first day of training. He was a key player during Atlanta’s championship run, scoring two goals in the playoffs after netting just one during the regular season. The injury puts a strain on United’s depth, which already figured to be tested heading into a season that includes the extra demands of the Champions League. Escobar could miss the first two rounds of the continental championship, as well as the opening weeks of the MLS regular season.  ___  For more AP soccer: https://apnews.com/apf-Soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_Sports  
  State lawmakers in South Dakota introduced a bill this week that would require students who consider themselves to be transgender, to participate in school sports that correspond to their assigned biological sex, not of the gender they have assumed.  The new bill would rescind current rules adopted by the South Dakota High School Activities Association in 2015 that allows transgender kids to participate in school sports under their assumed sexual choice, instead of their biological gender, the Daily Wire reported.  The bill was introduced Tuesday by Republicans Senator Jim Bolin (Canton) and Representative Thomas Brunner (Nisland).      Sen. Bolin, a former Canton mayor and athletic director of the Canton Public Schools, said his goal was to emulate recent rules in Texas.  “Texas’ University Interscholastic League requires that students participate on sports teams that correspond with the sex listed on their birth certificate,” Bolin said. “It’s all about fair competition,” he added.  “I just firmly believe that those who are males should play in sports designated for males and those who are females … should play in sports designated for females, according to your birth certificate. It’s about fair competition, and we’re not breaking any new ground.” the sen. said, “This has nothing to do with bathrooms, locker rooms or shower rooms. This has only to do with the eligibility for athletic competition.”    SDHSAA Executive Director Dan Swartos defended the current policy, according to the Argus Leader.  Republican Gov. Kristi Noem has made no statement about the bill other than to say she is looking into the proposal.  Transgender “girls” competing against natural-born girls is an especially thorny issue that has riled schools across the country.  In Texas, for instance, Mack Beggs, a student from Euless, Texas, claims to be transitioning from male to female but has been allowed to compete against girls in school wrestling. Perhaps unsurprisingly, and to much criticism, Beggs has easily defeated every female competitor met on the mats.  In another case, a student born a male assuming the identity of a girl has beaten all female contestants in Track & Field competitions in Alaska. And in another incident, a student born male but claiming to be female has consistently beaten all female contestants in track events in a Connecticut high school district.  Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.  
  Thanks to the free market, Sony Pictures has finally been forced to admit its all-female Ghostbusters remake/reboot was a catastrophe, and this admission arrives in the starkest way possible: Sony announced it has been forced to once again reboot Ghostbusters, and this reboot will have nothing to do with the studio’s disastrous 2016 attempt to use its beloved Ghostbusters franchise as a social justice statement.  According to the Hollywood Reporter, director Jason Reitman (son of original director Ivan Reitman) has been given the green light to bring to life a script he co-wrote, and as of now, the studio is looking for a summer 2020 release date.  From the sounds of it, Sony has decided to pretend 2016’s creative and financial catastrophe never happened. This new chapter will be “the next chapter in the original story [that] continues the narrative of the 1980s classic.”      Officially, then it is not a reboot, but it actually kind of is.  Variety reports that the newest chapter will be titled Ghostbusters 3 and be a direct sequel to Ghostbusters 1 and 2.   “Insiders say this film will be a continuation of the 1984 sequel and will not be connected to the 2016 film. Sources couldn’t say if that means that the original cast members will be back, as exact story details are still being kept under wraps but sources say Reitman has begun testing teenagers for four mystery roles.”    Here is the teaser that was just released:    So no word yet on the status of the original cast (Dan Akroyd, Ernie Hudson, Bill Murray), but “Reitman is on the lookout to cast four teens in the movie, two boys and two girls.”  What? Two boys? You mean guys will be allowed in this time? How’s that for a civil rights victory!  All of this is not only a massive setback for the studio that planned on multi-platforming the hell out of that remake; it is also a major defeat for the stifling, joyless nonsense that is social justice, something that simply cannot survive the mass market. By and large, the American people are not on board with oppressive lecturing and posturing in entertainment, nor do they buy this anti-science approach to gender.    Nevertheless, the failure of the 2016 Ghostbusters remake had zippo to do with Sony’s decision to hand the lead roles over to women. Starting with 1940’s His Girl Friday and working straight through to last year’s Ocean’s 8 and Overboard and Marvel’s upcoming Captain Marvel (which is going to be a smash), audiences have accepted and will continue to accept gender-flip movies … if they are done correctly.  Paul Feig’s Ghostbusters remake didn’t crash-dive because Americans are sexist; it crash-dived because a cherished 30-year-old franchise was launched as an in-your-face social statement, as a cannonball in the phony war against the patriarchy. Who wants to sit through that? Who wants to watch four female millionaires pose as victims, and do it during a freakin’ Ghostbusters movie?  It’s one thing to launch your movie in that manner, but this strident and divisive approach bled into the actual movie, which — if we are all honest, including those critics who gave it a ridiculous 74 percent fresh rating at Rotten Tomatoes — just wasn’t very good.  Man alive, what a joyless slog Ghostbusters (2016) is.  For those of you who have not seen it — and I know I speak for legions — it opens with a “joke” mocking then-candidate Donald Trump’s border wall — and never recovers… All the men are jerks or dimwits (when the women in the original are classy and savvy), the villain is created by bullying… And that’s not even the worst of it. In the original, Ernie Hudson is a dignified member of the team who happens to be black. The regressive remake gives Leslie Jones (who is also black) a stereotyped, feets-don’t-fail-me-now, wise-cracking, soul sister role.    So here was a movie preening its moral superiority over the rest of us while bathing in a tired racial stereotype that reaches back to Mantan Moreland in those old Charlie Chan movies.  When we go to the movies, we go to feel something, not to be lectured to, or to be told what to feel. Secondly, a vast majority of Americans hate political correctness and know all this talk about women and minorities, or whomever, still being oppressed is a load of hooey. Finally, no matter how hard the news media, academia, social media, and Hollywood try, we normal people are hunkering down and sniggering at this stupid fad about gender being a “social construct” and waiting for it to pass.  There is another problem with the overall Ghostbusters franchise, though, which has nothing to do with politics, and that is a simple concept (guys fight ghosts to save the world) that doesn’t lend itself to a movie universe or world building.  All you can really do is remake the same movie over and over again with bigger special effects. The lackluster Ghostbusters II, which is as close as anyone will ever come to bottling lightning again, proved that.  Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow his Facebook Page here.  
  The Shreveport Police Department announced the arrest of three people in relation to the shooting death of Officer Chatéri Payne.  Police arrested Glenn Frierson, 38, Trevon Anderson, 26, and Lawrence Pierre, 22, on Tuesday. All three will be charged with second-degree murder, according to KSLA-TV 12.  Anderson is reportedly described in a police report as being “involved in a shooting where he admitted to the role he played.” The report noted he was arrested and charged with 2nd-degree murder.      The reports added that Frierson “confessed to being involved in a shooting arrested for 2nd-degree murder.”    Pierre is described as “being present at the time of a shooting, arrested for 2nd-degree murder and possession.”  Chief of Police Ben Raymond informed the media that a briefing will be held Wednesday to discuss details of the arrests.  Officer Payne was shot on January 10 outside her Shreveport home as she was leaving for work.  “Every life is precious, and the taking of any human life is unacceptable,” police chief Ben Raymond said. “But when a servant who has taken an oath and committed their life to protecting others is violently taken from us, we all collectively feel the pain of that loss.”    Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.  
  A non-United States citizen was charged, arrested, and indicted for illegally voting in the November 2016 general election, says Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton.  Late Tuesday, Paxton announced that Marites Canete Curry, a noncitizen Navarro County resident, was charged with one count of illegal voting following an investigation by the AG’s election fraud unit.  According to the AG’s office, Navarro County election records indicated Curry illegally registered to vote in June prior to casting a ballot in November 2016.      “This latest election fraud arrest demonstrates my office’s commitment to ensuring that Texas has the most secure elections in the country,” said Paxton in a press release. “Illegal voting undermines one of the most fundamental principles of our nation: one person, one vote. Violators of our election laws will be caught and prosecuted.”  In Texas, illegal voting is a second degree felony punishable up to 20 years in prison and a up to a $10,000 fine.  From 2005 to 2017, the attorney general’s office prosecuted 97 defendants for numerous voter fraud violations, according to the press release. In 2018, Paxton’s election fraud unit, with the assistance of a criminal justice grant from the office of Texas Governor Greg Abbott, prosecuted 33 defendants for a total of 97 election fraud violations. This included investigations and/or prosecutions involving noncitizen voting cases, as was reported by Breitbart News.    In June, Salvadoran national Mario Obdulio Orellana was indicted by federal prosecutors for illegally living in Texas since the 1980s. Officials said Orellana falsified documents to obtain a U.S. birth certificate, applied for and received a U.S. passport and a Social Security number. Orellano reportedly claimed to be a U.S. citizen when he registered to vote and fraudulently cast a ballot in the 2016 presidential election.  Days later, Marcela Gutierrez, a noncitizen accused of leading a “voter assistance” ring targeting elderly and disabled voters, was indicted by a Hidalgo County grand jury on illegal voting charges. Prosecutors said she misled a voter to believe she was demonstrating how to use a voting machine. In actuality, Gutierrez voted for a slate of candidates she was paid to support in the June 2016 Hidalgo city runoff election. Two of her fellow campaign workers, Sylvia Arojano and Sara Ornelas, also were charged with seven counts of unlawfully assisting voters. Reportedly, Arojano was the wife of a Hidalgo County school district trustee.  Then, in September, Mexican national Laura Janeth Garza pleaded guilty to voter fraud charges for voting in three election cycles, including 2016. She did so by stealing a Texan’s identity to obtain a U.S. passport and Social Security number. The American citizen victim learned about the fraud when she tried to apply for a passport in her own name and discovered Garza already did. Garza received 10 years in jail, after which she will be deported.  On a related note, the Public Interest Legal Foundation, a national election integrity law firm, filed a lawsuit last March against Harris County for allegedly failing to disclose noncitizen voter records as required by the National Voter Registration Act (NVRA) of 1993, better known as the “Motor Voter” law. In May, Paxton urged a state court judge in a separate lawsuit to facilitate the foundation’s request after Harris County sued over an AG’s ruling that noncitizen records should be disclosed under Texas law.  Follow Merrill Hope, a member of the original Breitbart Texas team, on Facebook and Twitter.  
  Washington (AFP) – Four weeks into the US government shutdown, cash-strapped federal workers are tapping life-savings, selling possessions and turning to soup kitchens to make ends meet — ramping up pressure for leaders in Washington to strike a deal.  Communities from Washington to Kodiak, Alaska are feeling increasing pain, with the cutoff of paychecks to families snowballing to hit stores and businesses dependent on their spending.      Volunteer groups are collecting food to hand out, towns are organizing job fairs, and banks and telecommunications firms have loosened rules on payments, all to cushion the hardship.  In Washington, celebrated chef Jose Andres on Wednesday launched a “ChefsforFeds” program with a new “food kitchen” offering free meals to hard-hit workers on Pennsylvania Avenue — halfway between the White House and Congress.  In Pennsylvania, West Virginia and other states, furloughed federal workers were getting advice on applying for unemployment benefits.    Montgomery County outside Washington has organized a job fair to find paid work for idled government workers and contractors.  And in Middletown, New York, Pets Alive, an animal shelter, announced free dog and cat food for the pets of families hit by the shutdown.  “We will provide 1 bag of food per family, Need proof of fed employment,” they announced.  – No sign of compromise –  There was no sign early Wednesday of a breakthrough in the showdown between President Donald Trump and Democrats in Congress.    Trump insists he won’t agree to open the government until Congress agrees to his demand for $5.7 billion to build a border wall, which he argues is needed to prevent illegal immigration.  Democrats have held firm, demanding that Trump sign a budget bill with no funding for a wall.  In December, Trump initially agreed to a bill that would temporarily fund the government, while setting aside the wall for the time being. But he abruptly reversed course after an outcry by right-wing pundits, precipitating the shutdown on December 22.  “It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime. They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border,” Trump tweeted Wednesday.  House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, the top Democrat in Congress, meanwhile, pressed Trump to postpone his annual State of the Union address until after the government opens.    The speech is scheduled for January 29, but Pelosi cited security concerns arising from the shutdown in urging Trump to either delay it or submit it in writing.  More than 800,000 federal workers didn’t get paid last week, pain shared by several million more contractors who also have been idled by the shutdown — many of them low-paid service workers who live paycheck to paycheck.  The worst-hit area is Washington DC, but federal workers are spread across the country. In Kodiak, Alaska, for example, hundreds of Coast Guard workers haven’t been paid for weeks, but still have to work.  “Many of the employees of the Coast Guard are below the poverty line … I know that they’re frustrated. They’re sad. They’re angry. They’re still on duty,” said Admiral Karl Schultz, the Coast Guard’s chief.  Briana Wansley, an engineer for Federal Aviation Administration, was looking for temporary work at a jobs center in Virginia outside Washington, where substitute teacher positions were on offer.  “The shutdown came a month after I just started,” she said.    “It’s a very uneasy time, especially just starting a new job. I thought the government was stable, that’s why I came to the government and then this happens.”  – ‘Game of chicken’-  While Andres’ effort was garnering headlines, more humble local food banks around the country were calling for donations and opening their doors to laid-off workers.  Washington’s Bread for the City said it saw a surge in demand after it offered a five-day supply of groceries to people left out of work by the shutdown.  “When we have economic downturns or man-made crises such as this shutdown, people living with low incomes suffer most,” the non-profit group said in a statement.  “One of the reasons this game of chicken is easy for the powers that be is that those in charge don’t suffer. The people who suffer most are the ones who already struggling to get by.”  
  New York (AFP) – The American man who was among the 14 people killed in an attack on a luxury hotel complex in the Kenyan capital Nairobi was a consultant who survived the 9/11 attacks, and specialized in emerging economies.  Authorities did not formally name Jason Spindler as one of the victims, but his mother Sarah and brother Jonathan confirmed his death on Facebook and to several US media outlets.      “It’s with a heavy heart that I have to report that my brother, Jason Spindler, passed this morning during a terror attack in Nairobi,” Jonathan wrote on Facebook, in comments visible only to his friends.  “Jason was a survivor of 9-11 and a fighter. I am sure he gave them hell!”  The Nairobi attack was claimed by the Al-Qaeda-linked Somali group Al-Shabaab, which has targeted Kenya since it sent its army into Somalia in October 2011 to fight the jihadist group.    Spindler was a graduate of the University of Texas at Austin and the New York University law school. He spent time in the Peace Corps in Peru.  On September 11, 2001, Spindler was working for investment bank Salomon Smith Barney in the World Trade Center.   The main Twin Towers collapsed after being hit by two passenger jets commandeered by Al-Qaeda operatives.   Spindler’s building, 7 World Trade Center, collapsed in the aftermath, but none of the nearly 3,000 fatalities that day resulted from that incident.  He later co-founded consulting and investment firm I-Dev, and was working in Kenya on a mini-power grid project tailored for remote areas, according to the company’s website.  His mother Sarah told NBC News that her son “was trying to make positive change in the third world in emerging markets.”  “We all miss him so much. And it’s so sad that such a bright young person is taken away by terrorism,” she added.  Spindler’s Facebook account had been converted on Wednesday into a tributes page.  
  Qamishli (Syria) (AFP) – A suicide attack killed US servicemen in northern Syria Wednesday, causing the United States to suffer its worst combat losses in the war-torn country since 2014 as it prepares to withdraw.  The bombing claimed by the Islamic State group comes after US President Donald Trump’s shock announcement last month that he was ordering a full troop withdrawal from Syria because the jihadists had been “largely defeated”.      The US-led coalition fighting IS said “US service members were killed during an explosion while conducting a routine patrol in Syria” Wednesday, without giving a death toll.  The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said two Americans soldiers, nine Syrian civilians, and five US-backed fighters were killed in the attack on a restaurant in the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border.  Rubble littered the outside of the eatery in the city centre and its facade was blackened by the blast, footage from a Kurdish news agency showed.    According to Pentagon statistics, Wednesday’s blast was the deadliest attack for US coalition forces in Syria since they deployed in 2014.  The US Department of Defense only reported two previous US nationals being killed in combat in Syria, in two separate incidents.  The Britain-based Observatory, which relies on a network of sources in Syria, said it was the first such suicide attack in the city in 10 months.  – ‘Security zone’ –  Speaking at a gathering in Washington of US ambassadors, Vice President Mike Pence did not comment on the attack and just said that the United States would ensure the defeat of IS, also known as ISIS.    “We’ll stay in the region and we’ll stay in the fight to ensure that ISIS does not rear its ugly head again,” he said.  The bombing comes as Syrian Kurds present in areas around Manbij reject any Turkish presence in a planned “safe zone” to include Kurdish-held areas along the frontier.    Turkey has repeatedly threatened to attack Washington’s Syrian Kurdish allies who Ankara views as “terrorists” on its southern flank.  Washington, which has relied heavily on the Kurds in its campaign against IS in Syria, has sought guarantees for their safety after Trump’s pullout announcement.  On Tuesday, Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Ankara would set up a “security zone” in northern Syria following a suggestion by Trump.    But senior Kurdish political leader Aldar Khalil said any Turkish deployment in Kurdish-held areas was “unacceptable”.  He said the Kurds would accept the deployment of UN forces along a separation line between Kurdish fighters and Turkish troops.  But “other choices are unacceptable as they infringe on the sovereignty of Syria and the sovereignty of our autonomous region,” Khalil told AFP.  The Kurdish People’s Protection Units (YPG) have been a key US ally in the fight against IS.  They have taken heavy losses in a campaign now nearing its conclusion, with the jihadists confined to an ever-shrinking enclave of just 15 square kilometres (under six square miles).  But the jihadists have continued to claim attacks nationwide and abroad.  Ankara has welcomed Washington’s planned withdrawal of some 2,000 US troops from Syria, but the future of Kurdish fighters has poisoned relations between the NATO allies.  On Monday, Erdogan and Trump had a telephone conversation to ease tensions after the US leader threatened to “devastate” Turkey’s economy if Ankara attacked Kurdish forces in Syria, and called for a “safe zone”.  – No ‘outside interference’ –  Erdogan said he and Trump had a “quite positive” conversation in which they spoke of “a 20-mile (30 kilometre) security zone along the Syrian border… set up by us”.  The YPG-led forces fighting IS in a statement said they would provide “necessary support to set up the safe zone” — if it came with international guarantees to “prevent any outside interference”, in an apparent reference to Turkey.  The Turkish army has launched two major operations in Syria in recent years, with the latest seeing Turkish troops and their Syrian rebel allies seizing the northwestern enclave of Afrin from the Kurds last year.  Critics have accused Turkish troops and their proxies of military occupation of Syrian sovereign territory.  But while Ankara has spoken of a YPG-free “security zone” under its control, analyst Mutlu Civiroglu said it was not immediately clear what the US president meant by a “safe zone”, or who he thought would patrol it.  Analysts were “waiting for a clarification from Washington to see what the president really meant”, he told AFP.  The US planned withdrawal has sent the Kurds scrambling to seek a new ally in Damascus, which has long rejected Kurdish self-rule.  With military backing from Russia since 2015, Syria’s regime has advanced against the jihadists and rebels, and now controls almost two-thirds of the country.  A northwestern enclave held by jihadists and pockets held by Turkish troops and their allies remain beyond its reach, along with the much larger Kurdish region.  On Wednesday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the Syrian government must take control of the north.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — The discovery of ancient quinoa seeds outside of Ontario suggests early indigenous groups were exchanging perishable goods as early as 900 B.C.  The charred seeds were originally discovered during a mandatory archaeological review prior to the commencement of a construction project. Scientists were able to identify the seed remains as domesticated goosefoot, C. berlandieri spp. jonesianum, a now-extinct strain of quinoa native to Eastern North America. Until now, archeologists had yet to find domesticated goosefoot north of Kentucky.      “Finding domesticated seeds that are so old in Ontario is special,” Gary Crawford, professor of anthropology at the University of Toronto Mississauga, said in a news release. “The next time we find a crop in the province is about 500 A.D., and it’s corn. All previous research on this species of quinoa, which is now extinct, has taken place in the central United States: Arkansas, Illinois and Kentucky.”  Researchers have previously recovered evidence that early indigenous groups in North America traded minerals and polished stones, but not perishable goods.  “This discovery raises more questions than it answers. We had to consider whether the seeds were only traded here or grown locally,” said Ron Williamson, researcher with the archeological consulting firm Archaeological Services Inc. “We also had to consider whether this was the beginning of agriculture in the province.”    Archaeologists found no evidence that the grain was grown locally.  “If it were grown in the region, we would have expected to see seeds of the crop in other pits around the site, but they were confined to this specific pit,” Williamson said. “We also don’t see any sign of agricultural weeds or stone tools that may have been used for cultivation.”  So why did the ancient grain end up so far north? Scientists aren’t certain, but the evidence — detailed in the journal American Antiquity — suggests local native groups traded for the seeds. Quinoa was prized by other indigenous groups for its nutritional value.  “All of these bits of data demonstrate that the Indigenous Canadians were knowledgeable, sophisticated and well-connected across Eastern North America,” Crawford said.  Researchers estimate that the seeds were charred on accident during an attempt to parch the seeds.  “You can lightly parch seeds so they don’t sprout and store them,” Crawford said. “It could have been a mistake to have burned them. There was a slight oxidization of the surrounding sediment, so the soil was heated; we think they were burned in place in the pit.”  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Jimmy Fallon showed off his singing skills alongside Hamilton creator Lin-Manuel Miranda and the show’s cast.  The late-night host performed a special rendition of “The Story of Tonight” in costume with Miranda and the cast during Tuesday’s episode of The Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon in Puerto Rico.      Fallon joined Miranda, John Laurens, Hercules Mulligan and Marquis de Lafayette onstage during a scene at a pub. He changed the lyrics to reflect the night’s show.    “We’ve got a killer show tonight,” Fallon sang. “In Puerto Rico for tonight.”  Miranda and the Hamilton cast are in Puerto Rico for a limited run of the musical. He hopes to raise about $15 million for Puerto Rican artists and art institutions, in addition to bringing attention to the area in the wake of Hurricane Maria.  Fallon interviewed Miranda, who was born in New York to Puerto Rican parents, onstage during the episode.  “It’s really thrilling,” Miranda said of reprising Alexander Hamilton. “It’s really incredible.”  “There’s not a more resilient people than the Puerto Rican people, and the aftermath of Hurricane Maria sort of proves that,” he told Fallon. “To bring it back here was so emotional.”  Hamilton kicked off a 17-day, 23-performance run at the Centro de Bellas Artes Luis A. Ferré Friday in San Juan.  
  HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — Zimbabwe police armed with AK-47 rifles arrested a prominent activist and pastor on Wednesday, along with scores of others, in a harsh crackdown over protests against dramatic fuel price hikes in the economically shattered country.  As some hungry Harare residents reported being tear-gassed by police when they ventured out for bread, President Emmerson Mnangagwa denounced what he called “wanton violence and cynical destruction.” He noted a right to protest and said he understands the “pain and frustration,” but he appeared to side with authorities who blame the opposition for unrest.      Pastor Evan Mawarire was clutching a Bible when police bundled him into their car in the capital, Harare. He had organized what became nationwide anti-government protests in 2016 against mismanagement and then-President Robert Mugabe’s long stay in power.  “They are alleging that he incited violence through Twitter and other forms of social media in the central business district,” said Beatrice Mtetwa, the pastor’s lawyer.  Eighty-two people appeared in court in Harare on charges of public violence.    There were widespread reports of violence as Zimbabwe faced a third day of protests over what has become the world’s most expensive gasoline. This is the country’s worst unrest since deadly post-election violence in August that saw six people killed.  Zimbabwe’s largest telecom company, Econet, sent text messages to customers saying it had been forced by the government to shut down internet service.  “The matter is beyond our control,” it said. Service began to return in the evening.  Armed police and soldiers broke up groups of more than five people in Harare, while desperation for food forced some people to venture into the streets. But virtually all shops were closed.  Police fired tear gas after a crowd tried to overrun a shopping center that opened to sell bread. Soldiers with AK-47s took charge of the long line.    “This kind of life is unbearable, we have soldiers at fuel queues and now soldiers again are controlling the bread queue,” one man said. “Are we at war?”  He told The Associated Press that it was the only shop open. “I have no choice but to wait. People are hungry at home,” he said. He spoke on condition of anonymity out of concern about possible retaliation.  Other arrests were reported. A spokesman for the main opposition MDC party, Nkululeko Sibanda, said in a Twitter post that “party leadership” had been detained. “This is only deepening the political crisis in the country,” he said.  As Mnangagwa makes an extended overseas trip that will include a stop at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, to plead for more foreign investment, former military commander and Vice President Constantino Chiwenga, a hardliner, is in charge at home.  Eight people were killed on Monday when police and military fired on crowds, according to Amnesty International. But Zimbabwe’s government said three people were killed, including a policeman who was stoned to death by an angry crowd.    The anti-government demonstrations amounted to “terrorism,” Information Minister Monica Mutsvangwa said on state television Tuesday night. The protests were “well-coordinated” by Zimbabwe’s opposition, she said.  The Zimbabwe Association of Doctors for Human Rights said in a statement that it had attended to 107 patients by late Tuesday afternoon, with injuries including gunshot wounds to the head. It said most cases were in Harare and Zimbabwe’s second city, Bulawayo.  International concern has been rising over Zimbabwe after a burst of optimism when Mugabe stepped down in late 2017 under military pressure.  The British minister for Africa, Harriett Baldwin, on Tuesday noted “worrying levels of violence” and urged restraint by Zimbabwe’s security forces. But South Africa’s foreign ministry said in a statement that “we’re confident measures being taken by the Zimbabwean government will resolve the situation.”  Streets were largely deserted in Harare on Wednesday. “Shops closed, schools closed, no public transport, petrol stations closed,” said Human Rights Watch southern Africa director Dewa Mavhinga.  “Food fast running out in homes,” he added. Zimbabwe’s acting president was “silent.”  Zimbabweans in neighboring South Africa protested outside their embassy. Tino Mambeu called the arrest of Mawarire “madness, thus absolute rubbish.”  ___  Associated Press video journalist Nqobile Ntshangase in Pretoria, South Africa contributed.  ___  Follow Africa news at https://twitter.com/AP_Africa  
  LONDON (AP) — British Prime Minister Theresa May defied calls to resign as she faced a no-confidence vote Wednesday, a day after Parliament rejected her Brexit deal by a historic margin and unleashed a power struggle over control of Britain’s planned withdrawal from the European Union.  May was battling to save her job after staking her political reputation on winning support for the divorce agreement she has negotiated with the EU over the last two years. That it would lose was widely expected, but the scale of the rout — 432 votes to 202, the biggest defeat for a government in British parliamentary history — was devastating for May’s leadership and her Brexit deal.      Opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn responded with a no-confidence motion, and urged the government to “do the right thing and resign.”  “If a government cannot get its legislation through Parliament, it must go to the country for a new mandate,” Corbyn said ahead of the vote, scheduled for 7 p.m. (1900GMT, 2 p.m. EST).  May, who leads a fractious government, a divided Parliament and a gridlocked Brexit process, said she would stay put. May said an election “would deepen division when we need unity, it would bring chaos when we need certainty, and it would bring delay when we need to move forward.”    The government is likely to survive Wednesday’s vote with support from May’s Conservative Party and its Northern Irish ally, the Democratic Unionist Party.  “I don’t think the people in this country would rejoice at the prospect tonight if a general election were to be called,” said Nigel Dodds, the DUP’s leader in Parliament.  If the government loses, it will have 14 days to overturn the result or face an early national election within weeks. Britain is due to leave the European Union on March 29.  Political analyst Anand Menon, from the research group U.K. in a Changing Europe, said May had a remarkable ability to soldier on.  “The thing about Theresa May is that nothing seems to faze her,” he said. “She just keeps on going.”    May’s determination — or, as her foes see it, her inflexibility — might not be an asset in a situation calling for a change of course. The prime minister has until Monday to come up with a new Brexit plan, and has promised to consult with senior lawmakers from across the political spectrum on her next moves.  But she also said any new Brexit plan must “deliver on the referendum result,” which May has long interpreted to mean ending the free movement of workers to Britain from the EU and leaving the EU’s single market and customs union.    Many lawmakers think a softer departure that retained single market or customs union membership is the only plan capable of winning a majority in Parliament. They fear the alternative is an abrupt “no-deal” withdrawal from the bloc, which businesses and economists fear would cause turmoil.  Corbyn said despite May’s claim that she would reach out to opposition parties, he had not received a call from her. Labour lawmaker Ben Bradshaw accused May of being “in a total state of denial” about how radically her Brexit plan needed to change.  Faced with the deadlock, lawmakers from all parties are trying to wrest control of the Brexit process so that Parliament can direct planning for Britain’s departure.    But with no clear majority in Parliament for any single alternative, there’s a growing chance that Britain may seek to postpone its departure date while politicians work on a new plan — or even hand the decision back to voters in a new referendum on Britain’s EU membership.  Pro-EU lawmaker Dominic Grieve introduced a bill Wednesday that aims to lay the groundwork for a second referendum, which he called “the only way out of the current crisis.”                    European leaders are now preparing for the worst, although German Chancellor Angela Merkel said there was still time for further talks. She told reporters in Berlin that “we are now waiting to see what the British prime minister proposes.”  But her measured remarks contrasted with the blunt message from French President Emmanuel Macron, who told Britons to “figure it out yourselves.” He said Britain needed to get realistic about what was possible.  “Good luck to the representatives of the nation who have to implement something that doesn’t exist,” Macron said.  EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said the bloc was stepping up preparations for a disorderly “no-deal” Brexit after Parliament’s actions left Europe “fearing more than ever that there is a risk” of a cliff-edge departure.  Economists warn that an abrupt break with the EU could batter the British economy and bring chaos at borders, ports and airports. Business groups have expressed alarm at the prospect of a no-deal exit.  But investors appeared to shrug off the rejection of May’s deal. The pound was up 0.1 percent at $1.2869 in early morning trading Wednesday in London, and the FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was down 0.1 percent at 6,888.  James Smith, an economist at ING, said the “calm market response” suggested investors think Britain will end up having to seek an extension to the Brexit timetable.  May’s deal was doomed by deep opposition from both sides of the divide over the U.K.’s place in Europe. Pro-Brexit lawmakers say the deal will leave Britain bound indefinitely to EU rules, while pro-EU politicians favor an even closer economic relationship with the bloc.  The most contentious section was an insurance policy known as the “backstop” designed to prevent the reintroduction of border controls between the U.K.’s Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, an EU member state. Assurances from EU leaders that the backstop is intended as a temporary measure of last resort failed to win over many British lawmakers.  Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said it was now up to opponents of the backstop “to come up with an alternative solution to honor their commitment to avoiding a hard border.”  Varadkar said if May’s government was willing to shift some of its “red lines” in negotiations — such as leaving the customs union and EU single market — then the position of EU negotiators would also change.  “The onus is on Westminster” to come up with solutions, Varadkar said.  ___  Raf Casert in Strasbourg, France, Frank Jordans in Berlin, Sylvie Corbet in Paris and Pan Pylas in London, contributed.  ___  Follow AP’s full coverage of Brexit at: https://www.apnews.com/Brexit  
  A member of the British Army’s elite Special Air Service (SAS) reportedly exchanged fire with the radical Islamic terrorists who attacked a hotel complex in Nairobi, Kenya, helping in the rescue operations.  The “long-serving” member of the SAS — whose regimental motto is “who dares wins” — was undertaking training of Kenyan forces when four armed jihadists entered the Dusit D2 hotel complex in the Kenyan capital on Tuesday, reports Sky News.  He was asked by Kenya’s security services to help and worked with the U.S. Navy Seals, exchanging fire with the terrorists and rescuing civilians from the complex in the affluent Westlands neighbourhood, which is popular with Western expatriates.      An insider told The Sun: “UK Special Forces always run towards the sound of gunfire. He was there training and mentoring Kenyan forces when the shout went up, so they went in.  “During the operation he fired off some rounds – it’s a safe bet he hit his target – the SAS don’t miss.  “He is a long-serving member of the Regiment, there is no doubt his actions saved lives.”    Members of Kenyan Security forces clear the entrance of the scene after the situation was taken under control after the terrorist attack at a hotel complex in Nairobi’s Westlands suburb on January 16, 2019, in Kenya (Photo by Luis TATO/AFP/Getty Images)  At least 14 victims were killed, including British-South African aid worker Luke Potter. Fifty others were injured, including one other Briton.  U.S. officials confirmed one American citizen was also killed. The death of Jason Spindler, the 40-year-old CEO of I-DEV International and survivor of the September 11th 2001 terror attacks, was confirmed by his brother Jonathan on Facebook, according to The Guardian.  “Jason was a survivor of 9/11 and a fighter. I am sure he gave them hell,” his brother wrote.  Kenya’s president Uhuru Kenyatta announced the end of the operation on Wednesday, saying: “All the terrorists have been eliminated.”  The Somali al-Qaeda affiliated al-Shabaab group later claimed responsibility for the attack.  Follow Breitbart London on Facebook: Breitbart London  
  Speaker Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats just stepped in it, big-time.  According to various news reports, Pelosi has “disinvited” President Trump from making the annual State of the Union address to Congress.  With just days left until he was supposed to deliver this widely-viewed speech on January 29, Politico reports that, fearing Trump will use the nationally-televised address to blame Democrats for the ongoing partial shutdown of the government, Pelosi “asked President Donald Trump to reschedule his State of the Union address — or deliver it in writing — as long as the government remains shut down.”      Pelosi’s pretext is “security concerns,” but even the far-left Politico is forced to admit that is not Pelosi’s real worry.  “[P]rivately,” Politico says, “Democrats also don’t want to give Trump a major platform to blame them for the shutdown when Trump’s demand for billions in wall funding has been the main driver, according to a Democratic lawmaker close to leadership.”  What’s more, NBC News is reporting that the speech has not merely been “postponed”: Trump has been straight-up “disinvited” from making the address.    Every year, per a tradition that reaches back to the early 20th century, and at the invitation of Congress, the president addresses the Congress on the state of the union.  This tradition also, of course, gives Congress the power to not invite the president, or to revoke the invitation, which is what Pelosi is doing.  Obviously, the Democrat leadership have not gamed this out, because what they are actually offering Trump is an extraordinary opportunity, one that allows him to burnish his legacy with the creation of a presidential precedent: a State of the Union address delivered directly to everyday Americans.  On top of the fact that Pelosi is acting petty and small, there is nothing stopping Trump now from giving his January 29 address elsewhere — like, say, an arena in a swing state.  Trump’s constitutional obligation as president periodically to “give to the Congress Information of the State of the Union, and recommend to their Consideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient,” does not require a speech before Congress, or any kind of speech. Between 1801 and 1913, the president addressed the Congress by writing a letter.    So what we have here is Pelosi and her petty Democrats unshackling an iconoclastic president from this stuffy tradition, which allows him to create one of his own…  If Trump is smart, he will grab this historic opportunity with both hands and make the most of it.  Imagine if the annual State of the Union was delivered to We The People, as opposed to the elite ruling class.  Imagine if Trump and his successors were able to escape the DC swamp, the visuals of the opposing party sitting on its hands, and move this important tradition into America’s heartland.  One important point: the occasion should remain the occasion, meaning the State of the Union should remain the State of the Union, and not be turned into a political rally.    Trump has already delivered two State of the Union addresses, and both were very well received, even by a media that loathes him. This is a solemn and serious thing, and should remain so.  On another front, Pelosi just ceded even more congressional authority to the executive branch.  Until now, the State of the Union was something the president did for Congress at the request of Congress; a custom where the president deferred to Congress.  And here is Pelosi, giving a president like the Trump the open opportunity to upend all of that.  The people want to hear from their president. Once a year, we want a serious, in-depth speech from the commander-in-chief, and the viewership numbers prove that.  This is a tradition Americans appreciate, and if Democrats want their historical precedent to be the first time congressional leadership has ever played politics with the State of the Union, Trump can set his own precedent by bringing that message directly to the people.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow his Facebook Page here.  
  Representative Liz Cheney (R-WY) on Wednesday’s “The Hugh Hewitt Show” dismissed the notion that President Donald Trump is a “Russian mole” or “Russian asset” over growing concerns from Democrats and the media.  Cheney acknowledged there was “abuse” in the 2020 presidential election that needs to be looked into, but laughed at the idea of Trump working with the Russians to get elected.      Partial transcript as follows:  HEWITT: Do you believe President Trump is a Russian mole?  CHENEY: No, I do not believe that, Hugh.  HEWITT: Is President Trump a Russian asset?  CHENEY: No. Listen, I think that you know, one of the big things that we, the mainstream media has failed to cover, no big surprise, is you know, the depth of just the abuse that went on, the fraud that went on when the Obama FBI under Jim Comey used the dossier, which was a campaign document the Clinton campaign had put together, and they used that to secure a warrant to wiretap, to listen in on an American citizen. And that story sort of got some play and then disappeared. But I think the abuse that went on there certainly deserves a deeper and ongoing investigation.  Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  
  An inmate held in a Texas jail on a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) detainer was “inadvertently” released Tuesday, according to the county sheriff, who said police had no authority to rearrest the man.  The Bexar County Sheriff’s Office confirmed to local news outlets it mistakenly released Ricardo Mujica, who was being held on an ICE detainer. Sheriff Javier Salazar said Mujica got into a line of individuals who were being released from the county jail when he should have been in a line of inmates who were going to be released to ICE officers.  Reportedly, Mujica was in the custody of the Bexar County Sheriff’s Office following an assault charge and conviction for choking a family member. He was sentenced to four years of deferred adjudication; however, presently he was held in the Bexar County Jail because of the immigration hold.      Bexar County Sheriff’s Office spokesman Deputy Johnny Garcia told KENS that around 7 a.m. Tuesday Mujica left the facility without permission. He stated: “Mujica was downstairs in the booking area where those individuals were being released and where the ICE detainees were being picked up.” He said: “There’s a lot going on downstairs; inmates being picked up for court, paperwork coming in for court, and you have releases that are being processed.”    Garcia said the sheriff’s office will review the situation to figure out how this mishap happened. He said: “As a result of this release, internal affairs is beginning to look into the specifics of what specifically happened for this particular case.”  In a statement to KSAT, Salazar explained that Mujica “satisfied the conditions of his state charge and only the detainer remained.” He said since Mujica was no longer in the custody of the Bexar County Sheriff’s Office “local officers have no authority to arrest or detain this person at this point. He is not considered an escapee.”  In 2017, Texas Governor Greg Abbott signed Senate Bill 4, the toughest anti-sanctuary city law in the nation. Breitbart News reported that one key provision in the law called for criminal and civil penalties for Texas sheriffs and chiefs of police who failed to honor immigration detainers issued by ICE. It remains unclear if or how the law applies to Mujica’s accidental release from the Bexar County Jail.  It is also not known if ICE agents are looking for Mujica. An ICE representative told Fox News that it has 129 active fugitive operation teams across the U.S., including in San Antonio, all tasked with “identifying and arresting” illegal immigrants who appear to be a danger to others.  Follow Merrill Hope, a member of the original Breitbart Texas team, on Facebook and Twitter.  
  Attorney General nominee William Barr said in 2017 that he believed there was more basis to investigate failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton for her alleged role in the Uranium One agreement than President Donald Trump’s purported collusion with the Russian government in the 2016 election.  Following a call last year by President Trump for the Department of Justice to probe into Clinton’s role in the deal, Barr told the New York Times that there was “nothing inherently wrong” about a president requesting a probe — but cautioned that one shouldn’t be undertaken because the White House wants one. Barr also told the Times: “I have long believed that the predicate for investigating the uranium deal, as well as the foundation, is far stronger than any basis for investigating so-called ‘collusion.’”  “To the extent it is not pursuing these matters, the department is abdicating its responsibility,” he added.      In his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee Tuesday, Barr was asked about his previous comments regarding Uranium One. “I have no knowledge of Uranium One,” he told lawmakers. “I didn’t particularly think that was necessarily something that should be pursued aggressively. I was trying to make the point that there was a lot out there. I think all that stuff at the time was being looked at by [Utah U.S. Attorney John] Huber.”  Huber, tasked by then-Attorney General Jeff Sessions, is looking into whether the law enforcement officials ignored allegations of  Clinton involved in the sale of American uranium rights.  “The point I was trying to make there was that whatever the standard is for launching an investigation, it should be dealt with evenhandedly,” Barr added.    Brought to the forefront by Breitbart News senior editor-at-large Peter Schweizer in his New York Times best-selling book, Clinton Cash, the Uranium One scandal refers to an alleged scheme in which then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton gave Russia control over more than 20% of America’s uranium supply in exchange for $145 million in pledges benefiting the Clinton family and their foundation.  Rosatom acquired a majority stake in Uranium One in 2010 and bought the remainder of the company in 2013. Because Uranium One had holdings in American uranium mines, which at the time accounted for about 20 percent of America’s licensed uranium mining capacity, Rosatom’s 2010 purchase had to be approved by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. Such committee, known as CFIUS, is made up of officials from nine federal agencies, including the State Department. Other agencies represented on the committee include the departments of Treasury, Defense, Commerce, Energy, and Homeland Security and the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative.  In April 2015, The New York Times published an article echoing much of the Schweizer book, including one item that not long after the Russians said they wanted to acquire a majority stake in Uranium One, former president Bill Clinton received $500,000 for a speech in Moscow. The speech was paid for by a Russian investment bank with links to the Kremlin as it promoted Uranium One stock.  Canadian financier Frank Giustra, a top Clinton Foundation donor, sold his company, UrAsia, to Uranium One, which was chaired by Ian Telfer, also a Clinton Foundation donor. Giustra has said he sold his stake in the deal in 2007, while Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama were vying for the Democratic presidential nomination.  According to Schweizer, who also serves as president of the Government Accountability Institute, the FBI, headed up by now special counsel Robert Mueller at the time, appears to have ignored evidence of Russian involvement in the uranium market when they approved the deal in 2010. “There was a megatons program that was designed to, in a sense, help the Russian nuclear industry transition from sort of military-based work to civilian work — a lot of detailed corruption that the FBI tracked in the 1990s and 2000s, so going up to the 2010 approval for Uranium One, it’s really impossible for senior FBI officials, including the director at the time — Mueller — to argue that they are just completely shocked that Uranium One and these kickbacks were taking place. It was widely known,” Schweizer told SiriusXM’s Breitbart News Tonight co-hosts Rebecca Mansour and Joel Pollak last February.  The congressional testimony of  “Uranium One whistleblower” William Douglas Campbell has led to the convictions of Russian executives tied to Rosatom in 2015 on bribery and money-laundering charges in connection to the Uranium One agreement. “This is a guy who was an FBI witness. It’s known that the Russians were paying him $50,000 a month to do work for them, and some of that work included, according to his job description, setting up meetings with high-level ranking U.S. officials. That’s all not in dispute,” Schweizer said of Campbell. “So this is a guy that certainly was there. The FBI found him credible. He got FBI executives thrown into jail, and they eventually pleaded guilty to a variety of charges, including bribery and kickbacks. So you can’t dismiss, as some Clinton defenders want to, this whistleblower as if he has no credibility because he was there.”  The Associated Press contributed to this report.   
  Funcionarios de gobierno y autoridades comienzan a expresar preocupación tras notar un un perfil más alto en la parte de los centroamericanos que han sido reclutados a las filas de los carteles de la droga. Fuentes policiales están notando cada vez más casos de individuos que ingresaron recientemente a México y han acabado vinculados al crimen organizado.  Uno de los casos tuvo lugar la semana pasada en Guerrero, cerca de la región montañosa llamada Petatlán, cuando un equipo de seis hombres armados intentó emboscar a un escuadrón de autoridades estatales y federales, anunció recientemente el gobierno estatal. Un video de un teléfono celular muestra el momento en que los hombres armados gritan triunfalmente mientras atacan el convoy de la policía. La grabación captura en detalle el ataque de hombres armados del cártel mientras atacan mientras las fuerzas policiales retroceden.         El video no captura el momento en que las fuerzas policiales se repliegan y logran contrarrestar el ataque para arrestar a los sicarios. Dos de los hombres armados fueron identificados como Héctor de 24 años y José Rodin de 25 años, ambos de Guatemala. Los otros cuatro hombres han sido identificados como lugareños de Guerrero. Además de los arrestos, las autoridades incautaron múltiples ametralladoras, otros rifles, municiones y equipo táctico.      Breitbart News ha obtenido información de fuentes policiales sobre de las declaraciones hechas por los dos sospechosos guatemaltecos a la policía. Los individuos revelaron que se encontraban en el estado de Puebla, y que fueron contratados en noviembre para unirse a las filas del Cartel Familia Michoacána. A los dos hombres se les prometió un salario semanal de $ 5,000 pesos y fueron enviados a unirse a las filas del cartel en Guerrero, una región donde la Familia Michoacana ha estado luchando contra sus rivales con el Cartel Jalisco Nueva Generación.  El arresto de los dos sicarios guatemaltecos en Guerrero se produce poco después de que Diego Sinhue Rodríguez Vallejo, el gobernador de Guanajuato, anunció el arresto de 20 hombres de Guatemala vinculados al crimen organizado, en un período de tres meses. Dos de los sospechosos guatemaltecos son ex fuerzas especiales militares mejor conocidas como Kaibiles. En cada uno de los arrestos, las autoridades decomisaron varias armas y vehículos robados.  Nota Editorial: Breitbart Texas viajó a los estados Mexicanos de Tamaulipas, Coahuila y Nuevo León para reclutar a ciudadanos periodistas dispuestos a arriesgar sus vidas para exhibir a los carteles que amordazan a sus comunidades.  Breitbart’s Las Crónicas De Carteles serán publicadas tanto en inglés como en su contenido original de Español. Este artículo fue escrito por Jose Luis Lara uno de los antiguos líderes que ayudo a fundar el movimiento de Autodefensas en Michoacán.   
  Paris (AFP) – France’s agriculture minister unleashed a torrent of criticism from addiction experts Wednesday after claiming that wine, unlike other forms of alcohol, was rarely the cause of binge drinking.  “I don’t think wine is comparable to other alcohols,” Didier Guillaume told BFM television.      “Alcohol addiction is a real problem, notably among young people with binge drinking and so on,” Guillaume said.  “It’s a real problem but I’ve never seen, to my knowledge — unfortunately perhaps — a youngster leaving a nightclub drunk because they drank Cotes-du-Rhone.”  He blamed binge drinking among young people largely on spirits and mixers.    “What blindness! Mr Guillaume, all doctors invite you to take a tour of the emergency room on a bullfighting night,” said Michel Reynaud, head of France’s Addiction Action Fund.  “To be more precise, every day there are people with acute alcohol poisoning due to wine.”  President Emmanuel Macron has also come under fire in the past for shrugging off the effects of drinking liberal amounts of wine.   “Me, I drink wine at lunch and dinner!” he told journalists while visiting the agricultural show in Paris last year, telling those calling for tighter controls on alcohol advertising to “give the French a break”.  Bernard Basset, vice president of the National Association for the Prevention of Alcoholism and Addiction (ANPAA), said Wednesday that studies showed that 18 percent of young people get drunk on wine.    And 25 percent admit to getting drunk on champagne, he added, citing figures from the French Observatory of Drugs and Addiction (OFDT).  “Wine is alcohol like any other for getting drunk,” Basset wrote on Twitter.  The row comes a week after specialists attacked a new anti-addiction plan from the French government, saying it contained few concrete provisions for fighting alcoholism.  France has one of the highest alcohol consumption rates in Europe, beaten only by Estonia, Lithuania and the Czech Republic, according to data from the World Health Organization.  Wine represents 58 percent of alcohol consumption in France, according to the OFDT.  
  Vienna (AFP) – Around 60 guests were evacuated from an Austrian hotel and holiday apartment house early Tuesday after the buildings were engulfed by an avalanche, rescue services said.  “It was lucky the avalanche didn’t occur four hours earlier when all of the guests were in the dining room,” said Heribert Eisl, of the mountain rescue team in Ramsau am Dachstein, a village in the central Styria region where the accident happened at 1:00 am (0000 GMT).      The dining room was filled with snow up to one metre (three feet) below the ceiling, he told a news conference.    The avalanche shattered the hotel’s windows and overturned vehicles in the car park, but no-one was injured, Eisl said.  “We hadn’t expected the avalanche to wreak such damage,” he continued.  A number of areas in the Austrian Alps have been on high avalanche alert for the past 10 days as a result of heavy snowfall across the west and centre of the country since early January.   In some regions, more than three metres of snow has fallen.  The army has been called in to help clear roads and roofs and evacuate residents in the wake of the bad weather, which has also affected southern Germany and parts of Switzerland.   
  London (AFP) – When a man took a picture under her skirt with impunity, it was the final straw for Gina Martin — whose campaign has produced a change in British law.  Her experience put Martin on the frontline in a fight to make the practice of so-called “upskirting” illegal, one that has seen her face lawmaker resistance and even online resistance.      Martin tweeted that she was “over the moon” after parliament this week voted through the legislation.  “I AM EXHAUSTED AND SO HAPPY!” she wrote.  Martin, from Liverpool in northwest England, was attending a music festival in London’s Hyde Park when a man rubbed against her while his friend lurked nearby.    “Five minutes later, I saw that his friend… was watching a picture taken very close to a woman’s crotch,” she told AFP in an interview last year. “I knew it was me immediately.”  Martin grabbed the phone and showed the image to police officers.  To her surprise, they seemed unsure what to do and, after asking the man to delete the photo, took no further action.  In a phone call several days later, an officer told her the case was closed.  “They said ‘we can’t really help you’,” she recalled. “And then I got really angry about it.    “Growing up as a young girl who lives in a city… you have really scary situations constantly and it was the last straw.”  – Online petition –  Martin was outraged to learn that taking such pictures — “upskirting” — was not a crime in England and Wales, unlike in Scotland.  The daughter of “progressive, passionate” parents who had raised her to be a feminist, she decided to campaign to make it illegal, collecting more than 100,000 signatures of support in an online petition.  An  offence of “upskirting” was included in draft legislation criminalising voyeurism and which has now passed through parliament.    However, it has taken time for her voice to be heard.  Initially Martin’s demands attracted hate messages and intimidating threats online, which led her to change her name on Facebook.  “I got rape threats for a year,” she said. “The main narrative (was) it’s my own fault for wearing a skirt.”  Martin, who works in advertising and is far removed from political or activist circles, said after enduring a “really bad” period of barely sleeping, she began to make progress with the support of her lawyer, boyfriend and family.  She gathered testimonies from other victims of “upskirting”, including young girls who recounted incidents in schools, at bus stops, and on public transport.   – #MeToo boost –  In June last year, the activist suffered a setback when the proposed law over “upskirting” was blocked in parliament by Conservative MP Christopher Chope.  Following an uproar, Prime Minister Theresa May’s governmentdecided to spearhead the legislation, leading to cross-party support.  It now stipulates a fine or even a prison sentence of up to two years in jail for those found guilty.  Martin believes her campaign was boosted by the emergence of the #MeToo movement late last year.   “It became suddenly a little easier,” she said of trying to get people in power to pay attention to the issue.  “They definitely knew that they had to listen because that international conversation was happening and they couldn’t go away from it anymore — they couldn’t sweep it under the carpet.”  “I am really ready to be able to tell these girls who message me, and tell everyone, that they can now use it and that it will actually change their lives.”  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — New archaeological evidence excavated in Jordan suggests dogs may have helped humans hunt as early as 11,500 years ago.  Scientists analyzed hundreds of animal bones found at Shubayqa 6, a Neolithic settlement in northwest Jordan. The evidence showed humans and dogs lived alongside each other and hunted together.      “The study of the large assemblage of animal bones from Shubayqa 6 revealed a large proportion of bones with unmistakable signs of having passed through the digestive tract of another animal; these bones are so large that they cannot have been swallowed by humans, but must have been digested by dogs,” lead researcher Lisa Yeomans, a zooarchaeologist with the University of Copenhagen, said in a news release.    Fossil evidence suggests the dogs weren’t relegated to the fringes of the settlement but welcomed and integrated into day-to-day life, allowed to roam freely throughout Shubayqa 6.  Close analysis of fossil abundance at the site showed a correlation between the arrival of dog remains on the fossil timelines and an increase in the number of hares. Humans not only prized hares for their meat, but also used their bones to fashion beads.  Researchers think inhabitants of Shubayqa 6 and other Neolithic settlements appreciated dogs’ ability to hunt and track hares.  “The use of dogs for hunting smaller, fast prey such as hares and foxes, perhaps driving them into enclosures, could provide an explanation that is in line with the evidence we have gathered,” Yoemans said. “The long history of dog use, to hunt both small as well as larger prey, in the region is well known, and it would be strange not to consider hunting aided by dogs as a likely explanation for the sudden abundance of smaller prey in the archaeological record.”  Yoemans and her colleagues detailed their hypothesis this week in the Journal of Anthropological Archaeology.  Researchers claim dogs may have also helped humans shift their hunting strategies, foregoing less selective approaches, like the use of nets, for more selective hunting techniques — targeting individual hares.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — A rotating disc of ice is mesmerizing onlookers in a Maine river, where it formed as a result of cold weather and water currents.  Tina Radel, marketing and communications director for the city of Westbrook, shared photos and video of the disc on social media.      Radel said the disc is slowly rotating counter-clockwise and birds have been seen riding on the rotating circle.  Researchers have said ice discs, which have been documented in the United States before, occur when cold air comes in contact with an eddy in the river and the ice forms into a circle, which rotates due to the current it creates by slowly melting.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Red Wings goaltender Jimmy Howard robbed Anaheim Ducks forward Brian Gibbons during Detroit’s 3-1 win on Tuesday night, but it wasn’t on a save chance.  Howard managed to steal Gibbons’ stick with his skate strap, causing a temporary stoppage in play.      Ducks defenseman Brandon Montour fired a shot from the point and Howard made the save as he collided with traffic in front of the net. In the fray, Gibbons’ stick wedged into the goalie’s skate strap and remained there for several moments.    Gibbons retreated to the bench for a new stick while Howard struggled to remove his new piece of equipment. The stick was finally removed after a linesman stopped the game and assisted Howard.  The Red Wings extended Anaheim’s franchise-record losing streak to 12 games with the win. Howard saved 23 of the Ducks’ 24 shots for a .958 save percentage.  Red Wings forwards Darren Helm, Anthony Mantha and Gustav Nyquist each scored goals.  Detroit moved to 18-23-7 on the season but remains close to the bottom of the Atlantic Division. The Red Wings have the fourth-fewest points (43) in the Eastern Conference this season.  The Calgary Flames (30-13-4) host Detroit on Friday night.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — U.S. cellular carrier Sprint said Wednesday it’s decided to stop selling customers’ location data to third parties, including bounty hunters — following AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon in the move.  An investigation by tech publication Motherboard found that anyone can track the location of any cellphone for $300. For example, Motherboard found the location of a phone on T-Mobile’s network was sold through a chain of different companies and a bounty hunter. This followed an investigation last year by the New York Times and Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., which found another location aggregator provided data to law enforcement.      The public’s realization that telecommunication companies are selling location data was embarrassing for providers and put them in an awkward position because the information is useful for applications.    After waffling on the issue last year, Sprint finally decided to cut ties with the data aggregators Wednesday.  “Last year, we decided to end our arrangements with data aggregators, but assessed that the negative impacts to customers for services like roadside assistance and bank fraud alerts/protection that would result required a different approach,” Sprint told UPI in a statement. “We implemented new, more stringent safeguards to help protect customer location data, but as a result of recent events, we have decided to end our arrangements with data aggregators.”  AT&T and Verizon said last year they would stop selling data to third parties.  “In light of recent reports about the misuse of location services, we have decided to eliminate all location aggregation services — even those with clear consumer benefits,” AT&T said in a statement.  Verizon will close four remaining contracts with roadside assistance companies. Once that’s done, customers will have to give permission for the carrier to share location data with companies.  T-Mobile will fully end its location aggregation in March.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Carlos Santana has announced a 29-date North American Supernatural Now tour that will take place in the summer.  The tour marks the 20th anniversary of Santana’s multiple Grammy-winning 1999 album Supernatural and the 50th anniversary of his performance at Woodstock.      Santana will be kicking things off on June 22 at the Ak-Chin Pavilion in Phoenix before wrapping things up on Aug. 25 at the Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater in Wantagh, N.Y.    He will also be performing in cities such as Los Angeles, Seattle, Salt Lake City, Denver, Dallas, Kansas City, Chicago, Toronto, Cleveland, Detroit and Boston, among others.  Tickets go on sale for the general public starting on Jan. 25 through Live Nation. The Doobie Brothers will be accompanying Santana on all tour dates.  Supernatural featured No. 1 hits “Smooth” and “Maria Maria.” The release sold over 30 million copies worldwide.  Santana will be performing songs from Supernatural along with new tracks from his upcoming EP, In Search of Mona Lisa that is set for release on Jan. 25.  
  NEW YORK (AP) — On each side of the abortion debate, legislators and activists emboldened by recent political developments plan to push aggressively in many states this year for bills high on their wish lists: either seeking to impose near-total bans on abortion or guaranteeing women’s access to the procedure.  For abortion opponents, many of whom will rally Friday at the annual March for Life in Washington, there’s a surge of optimism that sweeping abortion bans might have a chance of prevailing in the reconfigured U.S. Supreme Court that includes Donald Trump’s appointees Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh. Legislators in at least four states — Ohio, Kentucky, Missouri and South Carolina — are expected to consider bills that would ban abortion after a fetal heartbeat is detected, possibly just six weeks into a pregnancy.      Conversely, results of the midterm elections buoyed supporters of abortion rights in several states, including New York, Rhode Island, Maryland and New Mexico. Abortion-rights groups there are now hopeful that lawmakers will pass bills aimed at protecting access to abortion even if the Supreme Court eventually reversed or weakened the 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that established a nationwide right to abortion. Tuesday will mark the 46th anniversary of that ruling.  “With big electoral victories in state legislatures and governorships, many states are now primed to provide the last line of defense for a woman’s ability to control her body, life and future,” said Andrea Miller, president of the National Institute for Reproductive Health.  Here are some of the notable bills likely to be considered:    ___  PROTECTING ABORTION ACCESS  NEW YORK: For years, Republicans who controlled the New York Senate blocked efforts to codify abortion rights in state law as a bulwark against any undermining of Roe v. Wade. However, Democrats, who have long controlled the legislature’s lower chamber, took control of the Senate in the midterms, and are expected to swiftly enact the long-sought protections. Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo, easily re-elected to a third term, says the legislation is among his top priorities.  In a recent speech, Cuomo said Trump’s Supreme Court nominees “don’t even pretend to be objective jurists. They’ve already announced their intention to impose their morality on the nation and roll back Roe v. Wade.”  RHODE ISLAND: Although abortion is readily available in Rhode Island, the state has never removed some decades-old laws that sought to restrict abortion rights. A bill to scrap those old laws, and reinforce the right to abortion in case Roe is reversed, has been reintroduced in the 2019 session after failing the past two years. A co-sponsor, Sen. Gayle Goldin, says chances are better this year because the midterms increased the number of abortion-rights supporters in the legislature.    MARYLAND: Democratic House Speaker Michael Busch says lawmakers will take up a constitutional amendment to protect abortion rights in Maryland, in case protections are overturned or weakened by the Supreme Court or federal government. Maryland passed legislation in 1991 to protect such rights, but supporters of the proposed amendment say it would be a stronger guard against any future legislative efforts to restrict abortion. If the measure wins legislative approval in the Democrat-controlled legislature, it would go before voters in a future election.  MAINE: A new Democratic governor who supports abortion rights, Janet Mills, has succeeded anti-abortion Republican Paul LePage. Mills would likely sign a recently introduced bill that would require Maine to fund some abortions that are not covered under Medicaid. Democrats control both chambers of the legislature.  NEW MEXICO: Democratic legislators — who control both chambers — are backing a bill that would remove New Mexico’s criminal ban on abortion. A 1969 statute made it a felony for an abortion provider to terminate a pregnancy, with exceptions for rape, birth defects and serious threats to a women’s health — though the law has been unenforceable since the Roe decision.  Newly inaugurated Democratic Gov. Michelle Lujan Grisham — who succeeded Republican Susana Martinez — favors overturning the dormant abortion ban.  ___    RESTRICTING ABORTION ACCESS  OHIO: During eight years in office, GOP Gov. John Kasich signed more than 20 anti-abortion bills, but twice vetoed the most draconian measure to reach his desk — the so-called “heartbeat bill” that would ban abortions after a fetal heartbeat is detected. But Kasich has now been succeeded by fellow Republican Mike DeWine, who suggests he will sign a heartbeat bill. And the proposal has finally won the endorsement of Ohio Right to Life, which previously considered it too contentious but now believes it has a chance of prevailing in court.  “With the additions of Justices Gorsuch and Kavanaugh to the U.S. Supreme Court, we believe this is the most pro-life court we have seen in generations,” said Ohio Right to Life board chairman Marshal Pitchford. “Now is the time to pursue this approach.”  KENTUCKY, MISSOURI, SOUTH CAROLINA: Lawmakers in these states, where Republicans control the legislature and governor’s office, also have drafted heartbeat bills for consideration this year.  The South Carolina measure would require testing for a detectable fetal heartbeat prior to an abortion; anyone performing an abortion after a heartbeat was detected would be guilty of a felony. A similar measure has been filed in Missouri; its potential punishments include fines and suspension or withdrawal of medical licenses.  Kentucky already is entangled in three abortion-related court cases, but Senate Majority Leader Damon Thayer said he would be pleased if the heartbeat bill triggered additional litigation.  “I would be proud if it’s Kentucky that takes it all the way up to the Supreme Court and we challenge Roe v. Wade,” Thayer told reporters. “That would be absolutely the pinnacle of my career in the legislature.”  ARKANSAS: Like Kentucky, some of Arkansas’ previously approved anti-abortion laws remain caught up in legal fights. But two new measures were filed ahead of the 2019 session: One would toughen requirements for reporting abortion-related complications to state health officials; the other would prohibit doctors from performing an abortion if they know the woman seeks it solely because the fetus is diagnosed with Down syndrome.  Indiana, Louisiana and Ohio previously enacted bans on Down syndrome abortions which have been blocked in federal court. Indiana is asking the Supreme Court to review its case. North Dakota enacted a similar ban in 2013 that has not been challenged; the state’s sole abortion clinic says the issue hasn’t arisen under its policy of not performing abortions after 16 weeks into a pregnancy.  OKLAHOMA: A Republican state senator, Joseph Silk, has filed a bill that would include abortion in the state’s definition of felony homicide, potentially punishable by life in prison. Its chances of advancing are uncertain, but Oklahoma lawmakers did approve a bill two years ago that would have outlawed abortion and imposed prison sentences of up to three years on anyone performing the procedure.  That bill was vetoed by then-Gov. Mary Fallin. She has been succeeded by fellow Republican Kevin Stitt, who declined comment on Silk’s bill after it was filed.  ___  Associated Press writers Morgan Lee in Santa Fe, New Mexico, and Julie Carr Smyth in Columbus, Ohio, contributed to this report.  
  Law enforcement officials are beginning to notice larger numbers of Central Americans recruited into the ranks of Mexican cartels.  One instance occurred last week in Guerrero when a team of six gunmen tried to ambush a squad of state and federal authorities, the state government recently announced. A cell phone video shows the moment when the gunmen shout triumphantly as they attack the police convoy. The recording captures in detail the attack as police forces retreat.         The video does not capture when the police flank the gunmen and arrest them. Two shooters were identified as 24-year-old “Hector” and 25-year-old “Jose Rodin,” both from Guatemala. The four other men were identified as locals from Guerrero. Authorities seized multiple machine guns, rifles, ammunition, and tactical gear.      Breitbart News obtained law enforcement information from the statements made by the two Guatemalan suspects to law enforcement, which reveal they were staying in the Central Mexican state of Puebla and were hired in November to join the Familia Michoacán Cartel. The two men were promised a weekly salary of $5,000 pesos and were deployed Guerrero, a region where the Familia is in a turf war with Cartel Jalisco New Generation (CJNG).  The arrest of the two Guatemalan hitmen comes soon after Diego Sinhue Rodriguez Vallejo, the Governor of Guanajuato, announced the arrests of 20 Guatemalans with organized crime ties in a three-month span. Two of the suspects are former special forces better known as “Kaibiles.” In each arrest, authorities seized multiple machine guns and stolen vehicles.  Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, Nuevo León, and other areas to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by Jose Luis Lara, a former leading member who helped start the Self-Defense Movement in Michoacán.  
  As the anniversary of the destructive Roe vs. Wade Supreme Court decision approaches, Americans might be surprised to learn that the Court said the states had to legalize abortion, but could put certain restrictions on it.  The Supreme Court has, subsequent to its 1973 decision, ruled many times on abortion, often on matters relating to the funding of abortion and to the extent to which states can regulate access to abortion and the conditions under which it can be performed. Though the framework laid out by Roe has been significantly changed, the “core” remains: that is, that a mom should be able to have her unborn child killed.  As we approach this January 22nd anniversary, and as hundreds of thousands of Americans gear up to march in Washington this Friday to protest Roe vs. Wade and call for its reversal, it would be a great idea for both sides of the abortion debate to reread the decision that stands at the center of the controversy.      They might be surprised at what they find.  In fact, I’ve often said that the abortion advocates would do well to actually implement what Roe said. It is, indeed, a disastrous decision that needs to be reversed as soon as possible. But just as it rejects the commonsense reality that a child in the womb is indeed a child and should be protected like any other human being, Roe also rejected a key tenet of abortion advocates, namely, that abortion is a basic right which the state should never restrict.  The decision of the majority explicitly stated that it did not fully agree with the assertion of “an absolute right that bars any state imposition of criminal penalties in the area.” The appellant, that is, the pro-abortion side of the case, claimed “an absolute right,” which the Court rejected.    The scattered abortion activists on the streets of Washington this week will hold signs saying “Abortion on Demand Without Apology.” Others will insist that abortion is a “fundamental human right,” as they have sought to persuade the United Nations to affirm.  But Roe vs. Wade did not buy this, and the Court still doesn’t. Moreover, the American people never have. Abortion is not a “fundamental right” admitting no regulation or restriction. Roe acknowledged that the state does have something to say about how and even whether a particular abortion procedure can be performed and that its intervention can relate to its concern about maternal health and even its concern about the life in the womb.  Specifically, Roe declared,    “(a) For the stage prior to approximately the end of the first trimester, the abortion decision and its effectuation must be left to the medical judgment of the pregnant woman’s attending physician. Pp. 163, 164.  “(b) For the stage subsequent to approximately the end of the first trimester, the State, in promoting its interest in the health of the mother, may, if it chooses, regulate the abortion procedure in ways that are reasonably related to maternal health. Pp. 163, 164.  “(c) For the stage subsequent to viability the State, in promoting its interest in the potentiality of human life, may, if it chooses, regulate, and even proscribe, abortion except where necessary, in appropriate medical judgment, for the preservation of the life or health of the mother. Pp. 163-164; 164-165.”    Subsequent Supreme Court decisions have changed the “trimester” framework to an “undue burden” standard, saying that state regulations cannot impose an “undue burden” on a woman’s ability to get an abortion. But this has put the Court in a position of being a referee, or a super-regulatory agency, every time a state tries to assert its interest in protecting either the mother or the baby within her.  Nevertheless, we have seen the Court uphold the ban on partial-birth abortion (Gonzalez vs. Carhart, 2007) and the state’s right to identify its interests in regulating and even prohibiting abortion. The laws being passed now in various states to protect babies in the womb after 20 weeks of development identify a state interest in protecting such children from pain.  The 2016 Whole Women’s Health v. Hellerstedt decision was a step backwards by the Court, striking down reasonable regulations Texas had enacted to protect women’s health in abortion clinics. But that decision can also be reversed.  In short, the battle rages as to how far the state can go in restricting and regulating abortion, but the Supreme Court does not hold a sign saying “Abortion on Demand Without Apology” and never has.  Fr. Frank Pavone is National Director of Priests for Life. Follow him on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.  
  Theresa May has claimed she will deliver Brexit in the House of Commons, as doing otherwise would result in the British people’s faith in the country’s institutions to fall to “an all-time low”.  During Prime Minister’s Questions on Wednesday afternoon, Conservative MP Helen Grant asked Mrs May, “Does the Prime Minister agree with me that if we fail to deliver on Brexit the public perception of politicians in this country be at an all-time low?”  “I absolutely agree with my Honourable Friend, and this is so important,” the Prime Minister replied.      “I believe that if we fail to deliver on what the British people instructed us to do in the vote of the referendum that the views of the British people of this House, of this Parliament, and of politicians will be at an all-time low, because they will have lost faith in politicians across the whole of this Parliament,” she warned.  “We need to deliver Brexit for the British people.”  The Prime Minister suffered a historic loss on Tuesday in the vote on her EU Withdrawal Agreement, with the Opposition tabling a vote of no confidence in the Government in the aftermath.    This has been scheduled for Wednesday evening, with Remainers taking the opportunity to pile pressure on the House of Commons to force a second referendum, pause, or even stop Brexit altogether before exit day on March 29th.    Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit https://t.co/DOEMx9Xput  — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) January 16, 2019
  What happens when you leave a couple hundred Massachusetts children alone with thousands of lego’s during the NFL playoffs? You get lego portraits of Tom Brady and Bill Belichick, that’s what you get.  Though, the final outcome was predetermined.  Artist Rob Surette brought the project to Brown Elementary School in Peabody, Massachusetts. Where some 400 teachers and students worked to piece together the elaborate lego puzzle he had constructed. The final result, was not revealed to the students. They had to work to figure out what the 20,000 double-sided lego blocks would show.      However, after the final pieces were put into place, they revealed two very familiar faces.    Watch:    Guys, watch what happens when you walk to the other side of this mural made out of Legos. Mind blown. 🔥🔥🔥🔥  Students at Brown Elementary School in Peabody made it. CC @Patriots and @Edelman11 #WBZ pic.twitter.com/6DxVIaBd6M  — Liam Martin (@LiamWBZ) January 14, 2019
  Abu Dhabi (AFP) – Shane Lowry fired a course record-equalling 10-under-par 62 to grab a three-shot lead on the opening day of the Abu Dhabi Championship on Wednesday.  The Irishman, currently ranked 75th in the world but without a win since his triumph at the World Golf Championship-Bridgestone Invitational in August 2015, was bogey-free on what looked a demanding Abu Dhabi Golf Club course with narrow fairways and juicy rough.      Despite finding just four fairways, the 31-year-old Lowry was rarely troubled as he fired one dart-like approach shot after another in his 10-birdie round.  That matched the tournament record low of 62 established by Henrik Stenson in the third round of the inaugural edition in 2006.  A group of four players were tied for second place at seven-under par, including 2010 British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen and his fellow South African Richard Sterne, Frenchman Mike Lorenzo-Vera and 2014 champion Pablo Larrazabal, who holed out his second shot from 174 yards on the par-four 16th hole and birdied the last two.    England’s Ian Poulter made light of a 34-hour trip from Hawaii to reach Abu Dhabi on Tuesday night, shooting a six-under-par 66 to be tied sixth along with compatriot Lee Westwood and three-time champion Martin Kaymer of Germany.  World number two Brooks Koepka opened his campaign with a bogey-free 67, while former number one Dustin Johnson managed a three-under-par 69, a score matched by two-time defending champion Tommy Fleetwood.  Lowry credited his preparation for the tournament after a long lay-off for his round.  “It equals the best score I’ve ever shot, but I think I’ve had better rounds in tougher conditions. But it’s right up there,” said Lowry when asked if it was his best round ever.  “Perfect conditions this morning out there, and I just went down and did pretty much a lot of things right. The one thing I was very happy with is how I didn’t panic at all when I got to like six, seven, eight-under.    “I had a lovely break at Christmas. I was home for the whole lot of it, and I came out with my family and rented a house in Dubai.  “Myself and (fellow Irishman) Paul Dunne are sharing the house and we’re practising together and we’ve been playing a lot together and we got some great work done.”  – Oosthuizen continues strong form –  Oosthuizen, who recently won the South African Open, was two-over after his first five holes, but made nine birdies in his last 13.  “I won (recently), but it’s very important to keep going and play well,” said the world number 26. “A good start to the season is always nice for the rest of the year. You can sort of build on that.”  Two-time major champion Kaymer was bogey-free for his round, but after making six birdies in his first 11 holes, he was disappointed to not add to his tally.  “Made a few nice putts early in the round, and even though I created more chances, the putts didn’t go in. But overall, it was a very satisfying, solid and controlled round,” said the German.  The cut will be applied after the second round on Thursday and the tournament, which is now part of the Rolex Series on the European Tour, ends on Saturday.  
  Washington (AFP) – Vice President Mike Pence said the United States would fight to ensure the defeat of the Islamic State movement but reiterated plans to pull troops out of Syria after an attack there killed US service members.  “We’ll stay in the region and we’ll stay in the fight to ensure that ISIS does not rear its ugly head again,” Pence told a gathering in Washington of US ambassadors stationed around the world.     
  Detroit (AFP) – As row upon row of automakers’ latest models gleam in the bright lights of the Detroit auto show, the exhibitors ready to greet industry insiders and journalists are looking down — into their smartphones.  They surf social media to kill boredom in a mostly empty convention hall.      Swaths of valuable real estate — once occupied by sports cars and German luxury vehicles — are filled with cafe stands and pop-up restaurants.  This is the solution organizers came up with to fill space vacated by automakers who this year skipped what had once been the flagship US auto exhibition.   The Cobo Center, a concrete and glass bubble on the banks of the Detroit River, sheltered exhibitors this week during the final January edition of the auto show.    Starting next year, the show will be held in June, avoiding the frosty Detroit winter.   The transitional auto show this year has been a subdued one, more lightly attended by press and industry than in the past, with fewer new car announcements.  – A quiet hall –  Mercedes, BMW, Jaguar, Land Rover, Volvo, Audi, Lamborghini, Ferrari, Rolls Royce were all conspicuous in their absence.  The cavernous exhibition hall had an unusual amount of space occupied by refreshment stands, food booths, and tables and chairs, even as appetizers and glasses of Champaign sat wilting.     In the past, a spectator may not even have found a place to sit down — unless it was inside a car — much less find food inside the hall.   At the Infiniti display, a striking new electric vehicle concept car filled with technology, stood unadmired, deserted on a riser. Had this car been introduced two years ago, there would have been a torrent of selfies.    South Korean automaker Kia Motors turned part of the showroom into a tree-lined country road to demonstrate the features of its new Telluride SUV but few were scrambling to try the experience.   The absences of Sergio Marchionne, the former CEO of Fiat Chrysler who died in 2018, and Carlos Ghosn, the jailed chief of the Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi Alliance, were strongly felt in the media room.  The two industry captains with big ambitions could set the tone of the show or change the conversation in the blink of an eye.     – ‘Running out of gas’ –  “It’s run out of gas now,” said analyst Michelle Krebs of Autotrader, adding she was hopeful the event would reenergize in June.  The famous Detroit auto show, which took on international importance in 1989, has been increasingly eclipsed in recent years by Silicon Valley.  Over the years, Detroit has been relegated to being the place to learn about big cars (pickups, SUVs and crossovers) that will be driven by American consumers in the near term.   But the future of the industry — innovations in autonomous driving and electric propulsion — is being discussed in Las Vegas at the Consumer Electronics Show.  Meanwhile, luxury and upscale cars are being introduced at shows in New York, Los Angeles and Miami — even Pebble Beach in California.   In 2008 at the Detroit Auto Show, Dodge rolled out a big new SUV with bulls and cowboys on downtown streets. The spectacle stopped traffic.   The purpose of the change in schedule from winter to summer was to bring back some of that magic and put the show once again at the center of the global automobile scene.  “Warmer weather, ride-and-drives, hill-climbs maybe, all sorts of kind of exhibitions, dynamic opportunities for people to be in and out of the cars, ride in them, for the manufacturers to show what they couldn’t previously do inside,” said Doug North, co-chairman of North American International Auto Show — the official name of the Detroit event.  – ‘Opportunity to re-imagine’ –  Many were rooting for the show to succeed.  “The influence of the Detroit auto show remains significant,” insists Yu Jun, president of the Chinese group GAC Motor.  “The show is going to be able to try new things and deliver new experiences that it simply can’t now,” says Ford Chairman Bill Ford, while GM spokesman Patrick Morrissey said it was an “opportunity to re-imagine the auto show.”   Detroit could appeal to tech companies, which have so far been a symbolic presence in the capital of the US car, even as their ambitions in transport are large.  Philippe Schricke, project manager at Velodyne LiDAR, which develops laser technologies used in sensors for autos, said that, while the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas remained the “priority,” his company now had more time to prepare for Detroit.   “Detroit was an afterthought for us but since now it will happen six months after CES, instead of a few days after, we can think of new products to display,” he told AFP.  
  The Hague (AFP) – International Criminal Court judges said Wednesday that former Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo should be released, a day after his shock acquittal over post-electoral violence in which 3,000 people died.  Judges rejected a prosecution bid to keep the 73-year-old fallen strongman in detention pending an appeal against the decision to clear him of crimes against humanity.      Supporters danced and cheered outside the court in The Hague, while in Abidjan the government of Gbagbo’s arch-rival, President Alassane Ouattara, said there was no political obstacle to his return.  However it remained unclear how soon Gbagbo and his right-hand man Charles Ble Goude would be freed from the ICC’s detention centre.  Plans for any homecoming were also unknown. Gbagbo last year was sentenced by an Ivorian court to a 20-year term for “economic crimes.”    Gbagbo and Ble Goude, 47, were tried over bloodshed that gripped the West African nation in 2010-2011 after Gbagbo refused to concede defeat to Ouattara in a presidential vote.  Head judge Cuno Tarfusser said the three-judge panel, by a two to one majority, “rejects the prosecution request to maintain them in detention” following the acquittal.  He said the “exceptionally weak” prosecution evidence in the trial meant an appeal was unlikely to succeed, and that there was no proof the pair would flee justice if asked to return to the court at a later date.  Tarfusser said, however, that the prosecution could still file an appeal against their release.  This could be done during the time needed to complete the “logistical, administrative and diplomatic arrangements” for the men to be freed, he said.    – ‘Overwhelmed with joy’ –  Gbagbo’s daughter Marie Laurence said her father planned to return to his home country, more than seven years after he was arrested there and then sent to The Hague.  “We are so overwhelmed with joy, we are proud of Dad. He went through it with dignity,” she told reporters outside the ICC.  “We think that it was for a cause and that the message was clear — an innocent standing for Africa. Justice prevailed, the truth came out,” she added.  “We assume that the plan is to go back to Cote d’Ivoire. We don’t know how long it will take for all the paperwork.”    Gbagbo has been in detention since 2011, when he was captured by Ouattara’s troops, who were being aided by UN and French forces, and sent to The Hague.  Ivory Coast faces fresh elections in 2020 to elect a successor to Ouattara, who has said he will not stand for re-election after serving two five-year terms.  The government sounded a neutral tone about any return by Gbagbo.  “Any decision lies with him. We have no comment to make otherwise,” said government spokesman Sidi Tiemoko Toure.  He added that the government “urges calm, forgiveness and reconciliation” and that Ouattara “and the government are thinking of the victims” of the crisis.  Gbagbo’s wife Simone, dubbed the Iron Lady, was granted an amnesty by Ouattara last August from a 20-year jail term.  Laurent Gbagbo however still faces a similar sentence for “economic crimes”.  The case meanwhile has put renewed pressure on the ICC after a series of failures in cases involving former national leaders — most of them in Africa.  Last year, DR Congo warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba was acquitted on appeal for crimes allegedly committed by his militia in the Central African Republic in 2002-03.  Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta also saw charges of crimes against humanity over electoral bloodshed dropped by the ICC prosecutor in 2014.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — North Korean men are catching on to some fads more familiar to their counterparts in the South — skin care products, including eye creams, according to a pro-Pyongyang newspaper based in Japan.  Choson Sinbo reported Wednesday a North Korean factory at the border city of Sinuiju manufactures a state-approved line of cosmetics and skin care under the brand “Bom Hyang Gi,” or “Spring Fragrance.”      North Koreans who spoke to Choson Sinbo said the products are in high demand.  A North Korean sales clerk identified as 35-year-old Kim Un Ok told the paper that customers “line outside the door” of her Pyongyang department store before opening hours, in search of Bom Hyang Gi-branded goods.  “Women are of course buying, but demand is quite high among men,” the North Korean woman said.    The skin care plant received field guidance from North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in June 2018. The plant’s products include “makeup for women” and “hair care products.” Bom Hyang Gi recently released acne treatment creams, hair dyeing and dandruff shampoos, as well as foam cleansers for the face, according to Choson Sinbo.  The paper also reported the cosmetics include traditional Korean herbs, like ginseng, in the ingredients.  North Korea’s manufacturing is in the spotlight as North Korea continues to promote tourism to the country.  The regime began advertising the country’s hot springs on its proprietary website on Tuesday, targeting overseas Koreans, according to South Korean news service Tongil News.  The promotion states there are more than 60 hot springs in North Korea with treatment benefits. Patients with high blood pressure, rheumatoid arthritis or hypertension stand to benefit from visits to mineral-rich hot springs, according to Pyongyang’s Agency of Overseas Korean Affairs.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — A British family contacted animal rescuers when they discovered the animal living under their deck was an Asian raccoon dog.  Ben Crane said he and his family knew there had been an animal living under the deck outside their Loudwater, Hertfordshire, home for about two months before they managed to catch a glimpse of it.      “We thought it could be a badger or silver fox, however, having seen it a couple of times of an evening and the strange noises it was making, we were intrigued to find out what this could be as we have never seen anything like this before,” Crane said.     “A few weeks later we saw this animal walking around our garden during the day and managed to take some photographs. After doing some research and contacting the RSPCA it was confirmed that this was indeed a raccoon dog,” he said.  RSPCA Animal Collection Officer Kate Wright helped Crane and his family set a live trap for the raccoon dog, a fox-like Asian species also known as a tanuki.  Crane said the raccoon dog eventually ended up inside the trap when he baited it with ham and cocktail sausages.  Wright said the animal is being cared for at a sanctuary while the RSPCA searches for its owner.  “We believe this raccoon dog is an escaped pet who ventured into this garden after being set free, abandoned or escaping from his enclosure,” Wright said.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Married at First Sight alum Ashley Petta is a new mom.  The 31-year-old television personality took to Instagram Wednesday after welcoming a baby girl, Mila Rose, with husband and Season 5 co-star Anthony D’Amico.      Petta shared a slideshow of photos with fans, including a family portrait with D’Amico and Mila. She said her daughter was born three weeks premature.  “Our little peanut Mila Rose made her debut 3 weeks early on 1/12/19 at 3:34am weighing 4 pounds and 14 ounces!” Petta captioned the post.  “She is everything I dreamed of and more. We are so in love and can’t wait to show our baby girl the world! #marriedatfirstsight #greattthingscomeinsmallpackages #mywholeheart #babygirl #milarose #partyofthree #happybirthday #mafshappilyeverafter,” she added.    Petta confirmed the news in a statement to Entertainment Tonight.  “We never knew we could love someone so much! She is perfect in every way,” the star gushed.  “Holding her for the first time was the most amazing surreal moment of my life,” she said. “Watching Anthony take care of her makes me love him even more. He’s already an amazing daddy. We can’t wait to show this sweet little baby girl the world.”  Petta and D’Amico married in August 2016 after meeting on Married at First Sight, a Lifetime series featuring couples who have agreed to wed when they first meet. The couple announced Petta’s pregnancy in August.  “Ashley and I have always wanted to be partns and can’t wait for our little one to arrive,” D’Amico said on Instagram. “Looking forward to the next big chapter of our lives!”  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — The Carolina Panthers could be without start quarterback Cam Newton for the entire 2019 season.  Panthers owner David Tepper kept that option open when he met with reporters on Tuesday for a media roundtable. Reporters asked Tepper about the Panthers quarterback’s future availability due to lingering shoulder issues.      Tepper brought up Indianapolis Colts quarterback Andrew Luck, who missed the entire 2017 season with a shoulder injury.  Luck returned this season to led the Colts to the AFC divisional round.  “If you told me that [Newton] took a year off and could be fully recovered and everything else and that’s what it took, an extra year, why wouldn’t you do that,” Tepper told reporters.    “Now, we would have to do other things and we’d have to go out and get another quarterback, which, if you could find me some more cap space, I’d appreciate that.”  Newton, 29, completed a career-best 67.9 percent of his passes last season for 3,395 yards, 24 touchdowns and 13 interceptions in 14 start in 2018. He also ran for 488 yards and four scores this season.  The three-time Pro Bowl selection and 2015 NFL MVP was shut down for the Panthers’ final two games of the season as he dealt with the shoulder pain. Newton had shoulder surgery in 2017. Tepper said he did not know if Newton will require another shoulder surgery.  Tepper said the Panthers may need to create some cap space to prepare for the possibility that Newton’s shoulder is not in a good place before the 2019 season. Carolina has about $25 million in cap space.  Tepper’s $2.275 billion purchase of the Panthers was made official in July. Newton, 29, is signed through 2020. Taylor Heinicke and Kyle Allen are the Panthers’ backup quarterbacks.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Macaulay Culkin says his much-scrutinized friendship with Michael Jackson “made sense.”  The 38-year-old actor defended his relationship with the late singer as a “legitimate” connection during Tuesday’s episode of the Inside of You with Michael Rosenbaum podcast.      Culkin said he had a genuine friendship with Jackson, who died at age 50 in June 2009, despite their 22-year age difference.    “I mean, at the end of the day, it’s almost easy to try to say it was ‘weird’ or whatever, but it wasn’t, because it made sense,” the star said. “Like, we were legitimate.”  “We were friends — in the most simple kind of [way],” he added. “It’s one of my friendships that people question, only because of the fact that he was the most famous person in the world.”  Culkin was 10 years old when his starring role in the 1990 movie Home Alone catapulted him to fame. Jackson, who rose to stardom with the Jackson 5 as a child, could relate to Culkin’s experience.  “He reached out to me because a lot of things were happening big and fast with me. And yes, I think he identified with that,” the actor said of Jackson.  “He was the kind of person who had been through the exact same frickin’ thing and wanted to make sure that I wasn’t alone in that,” he added. “He was hilarious, sweet. People didn’t know how funny he [expletive] was.”  Culkin testified on Jackson’s behalf during the singer’s child molestation trial in 2005, calling the accusations against the star “absolutely ridiculous.” He remains friends with Jackson’s children, including the singer’s 20-year-old daughter, Paris Jackson, who recently entered treatment for her emotional health.  
  TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — A prominent American anchorwoman on Iranian state television’s English-language service has been arrested by the FBI after flying into the U.S., the broadcaster reported Wednesday. The FBI did not immediately respond to requests for comment.  The reported detention of Press TV’s Marzieh Hashemi, born Melanie Franklin of New Orleans, comes as Iran faces increasing criticism of its own arrests of dual nationals and others with Western ties, previously used as bargaining chips in negotiations with world powers.      Iran’s state broadcaster held a news conference and launched a hashtag campaign for Hashemi, using the same techniques families with loved ones held in the Islamic Republic use to highlight their cases.  “We will not spare any legal action” to help her, said Paiman Jebeli, deputy chief of Iran’s state IRIB broadcaster.  Press TV said Hashemi, who has worked at the state broadcaster service for 25 years, had been arrested after arriving at St. Louis Lambert International Airport on Sunday. Jebeli alleged that her son, Reza Hashemi, had been arrested as well.    Lambert Airport spokesman Jeff Lea declined comment, referring questions to the FBI. He said he could not confirm what flight Hashemi arrived on or when. St. Louis police said they were not involved.  Rebecca Wu, St. Louis’ FBI spokeswoman, directed questions to the press office at FBI headquarters.  FBI headquarters in Washington did not respond to requests for comment.  There were no references to any case against Hashemi in U.S. federal courts, nor in Missouri.  Press TV said Hashemi had traveled to the U.S. “to visit her family members, including her brother, who is suffering from cancer.” The broadcaster said she was a grandmother and aired footage of her anchoring news programs and talking about her experience as a reporter discussing the yearslong war in Syria, set to dramatic music.    “Unfortunately, because of the job that we do, here at Press TV and our position, there have been many stories that have been very, very difficult, very heavy,” she said.  Hashemi describes herself online as having studied journalism at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. She converted to Islam in 1982 at age 22 after meeting Iranian activist students in Denver.  Hashemi’s brother, Milton Leroy Franklin of Metairie, a New Orleans suburb, told The Associated Press he knows only what his niece has put on Facebook. He said he believed his sister had been in custody since Sunday.  “We don’t have any detailed information except she’s being held. And her son is being held in a hotel in (Washington) and she’s being held in some form of prison or incarcerated area,” Franklin said. “I’m very concerned. There’s no way of getting any word to her and she can’t send any out, apparently. We’re all in the dark and just waiting and praying that they release her.”  He said she had visited to help plan a family reunion.    “We all got together, a small celebration, and prepared for the next time she would come,” Franklin said. “They detained her on her way back home, from what I understand. We’re looking to find out more.”  Milton Franklin said his sister lives about half the time in Colorado, where her children live, and half the time in Iran.  She married Hossein Hashemi, whom she had met while in journalism school at LSU; they had two sons and a daughter, Franklin said. He said her husband is dead. His sister remains an American citizen.  Last week, Iran confirmed it is holding U.S. Navy veteran Michael R. White at a prison in the country, making him the first American known to be detained under President Donald Trump’s administration.  Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Ghasemi told state TV that Hashemi’s arrest indicates the “apartheid and racist policy” of the Trump administration.  “We hope that the innocent person will be released without any condition,” Ghasemi said.  There are four other known American citizens being held in Iran, including Iranian-American Siamak Namazi and his 82-year-old father Baquer, both serving 10-year sentences on espionage charges. Iranian-American art dealer Karan Vafadari and his Iranian wife, Afarin Neyssari, received 27-year and 16-year prison sentences respectively. Chinese-American graduate student Xiyue Wang was sentenced to 10 year in prison.  Also in an Iranian prison is Nizar Zakka, a U.S. permanent resident from Lebanon who advocated for internet freedom and has done work for the U.S. government. He was sentenced to 10 years on espionage-related charges.  Former FBI agent Robert Levinson, who vanished in Iran in 2007 while on an unauthorized CIA mission, remains missing as well. Iran says that Levinson is not in the country and that it has no further information about him, though his family holds Tehran responsible for his disappearance. Tehran now says it has no information about him.  ___  Associated Press writers Jim Salter in St. Louis, Janet McConnaughey in New Orleans, Heather Hollingsworth in Kansas City and Jon Gambrell in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, contributed to this report.  
  The Chinese Foreign Ministry on Wednesday shrugged off the international outcry against the death sentence abruptly imposed on accused Canadian drug smuggler Robert Schellenberg, insisting that China is “not worried in the slightest” about criticism from Ottawa or anywhere else.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying sneered that Canada’s “so-called allies could be counted on ten fingers” and insisted most of the international community supports China in the Schellenberg case.  One of those allies would be Australia, whose acting foreign minister Simon Birmingham expressed deep concern with the Schellenberg case on Wednesday.       “We expect at a level of principle that not only the death penalty should not be applied but also wherever people are in trouble the rule of law ought be applied fairly,” he said.  Hua Chunying shot back that Australia should be thankful China is helping to address its drug problem by terminating Schellenberg.  “The smuggled drugs were going to be sent to Australia. You should ask the Australian officials if they were happy to see these drugs being imported into their country,” she said at her Wednesday press briefing.    “I can very clearly state that we are not worried in the slightest,” Hua said of criticism from foreign governments and human rights groups.   Hua was contemptuous of Tuesday’s request by Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland to grant Schellenberg clemency.  “You ask whether China is willing to listen to the Canadian side’s request, but I don’t know if Canada’s leaders or politicians have seriously listened to China’s solemn position. We have very clearly outlined the case’s facts and its seriousness,” she told reporters.  Hua was equally dismissive of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s concerns about irregularities in the proceedings against Schellenberg, who spent the past two years appealing a 15-year prison sentence for drug trafficking, only to find himself suddenly sentenced to death instead by a court in the city of Dalian.  “I’m wondering whether the relevant individual has carefully read the information released by the Dalian Intermediate People’s Court on this case. And has he carefully learned about related Chinese laws?” she asked, referring to Trudeau.    Hua urged the Trudeau administration to “respect China’s judicial sovereignty, correct mistakes and stop making irresponsible remarks.”  “Any responsible government will take strong measures in the face of such a serious drug smuggling crime. This reflects the highly responsible attitude and resolute determination of a government protecting the lives and safety of the public,” she argued.  Schellenberg’s Chinese defense attorney Zhang Dongshuo said on Wednesday that his client intends to appeal the death sentence, describing the condemned man as “relatively calm” despite the high stakes for both international relations and his own survival.  “His main point is that he is innocent, and he didn’t do what he’s been accused of doing,” said Zhang.  Zhang contradicted the Chinese Foreign Ministry’s talking points by claiming the death sentenced was imposed much too quickly and without any new information introduced by the prosecution, as normally required under Chinese law.  Zhang also noted that Schellenberg does have a history of drug trafficking arrests in Canada in 2003, 2010, and 2012, but oddly this history has not been referenced during Chinese court hearings. Schellenberg was arrested in China in 2014 while traveling through Asia. He claims he was an innocent tourist framed by criminals.  
  Former Brooklyn Assemblyman Dov Hikind, a Democrat, called out House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) for remaining silent on freshman congresswomen Rep. Rashida Tlaib’s association with anti-Jewish radicals.    At what point will @TheDemocrats raise their voices in condemnation against the vile haters in their ranks? First the “dual loyalty” trope and now cozying up to a Hezbollah/Hamas supporter? @RashidaTlaib should be ostracized just as Rep. King was by the GOP! pic.twitter.com/OzcazCFdI8  — Dov Hikind (@HikindDov) January 16, 2019
  A Mexican mayor from Sonora with previous accusations of cartel connections was reportedly apprehended by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) after an attempted crossing into Arizona with a passport not his own.  The mayor of Bácum, Rogelio Aboyte Limón, was arrested on December 27, 2018, after he attempted to enter the United States at the Nogales Port of Entry with documents that did not belong to him, according to local media reports. Aboyte Limón allegedly attempted to enter under the name “Jaime Fernando Bautista.”  Aboyte Limón was previously convicted and sentenced to 84 months in U.S. prison under a third name, Raúl López Montaño, after he was arrested in Indiana in 2010 for transporting approximately 46 pounds of cocaine concealed in his vehicle’s gas tank. Aboyte Limón is currently being held in a CBP detention center in Phoenix, according to a federal law enforcement source.      Aboyte Limón was sworn as mayor of Bácum on September 16, 2018. His last two public appearances were on December 19 when he and his wife participated in a Christmas parade; and on December 22 at a firehouse ceremony. Since then, all city council meetings were attended by his wife, Mariana Bernal de Aboyte, president of the municipal DIF (Desarrollo Integral de la Familia). Aboyte Limón’s absence was a growing mystery until the leadership of Morena Party of Sonora confirmed the December 27 arrest this week. Morena is led by the newly elected president of Mexico, Andrés Manuel López Obrador (AMLO).    Bácum made headlines in September 2018 when police discovered seven heads abandoned in an ice chest–sparking fears of an escalation in the local cartel turf war. The municipality is in southern section of Sonora–just north of Ciudad Obregón–and is one of eight towns that make up the territory traditionally inhabited by the Yaqui Tribe, known as “El Valle del Yaqui.” The area provides easy access to drug trafficking routes to the U.S. markets.  Robert Arce is a retired Phoenix Police detective with extensive experience working Mexican organized crime and street gangs. Arce has worked in the Balkans, Iraq, Haiti, and recently completed a three-year assignment in Monterrey, Mexico, working out of the Consulate for the United States Department of State, International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Program, where he was the Regional Program Manager for Northeast Mexico (Coahuila, Tamaulipas, Nuevo Leon, Durango, San Luis Potosi, Zacatecas.)  
  A representative for the Syrian Kurdish militia and political community in northern Syria rejected the idea of a Turkish-run “safe zone” in the region on Tuesday following U.S. troop departures, instead suggesting the United Nations should play a role.  Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said this week that, during a phone conversation, American President Donald Trump suggested that Turkish troops establish a presence in northern Syria, which the Kurds call Rojava, to establish a “safe zone” where Turkish troops do not engage in military attacks on the Kurdish People’s Protection Units (YPG/YPJ).  The YPG has long been one of the United States’ closest allies in Syria and played a key role in eradicating the Islamic State from Raqqa, which the terrorist group had declared its “capital.” Erdogan’s government considers the YPG indistinguishable from the Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK), a Marxist separatist group. The United States has designated the PKK a foreign terrorist organization but considers it independent from the YPG.      President Trump announced last month that he planned to withdraw all U.S. troops from Syria. Most are in Manbij, Rojava, working with the YPG. A U.S. exit would leave the Kurds vulnerable to Turkish attack.  On Tuesday, Erdogan said he was considering a proposal from Trump for Turkish troops to establish a “safe zone” in the region, without providing specifics on what such a zone would look like and whether the YPG would be free from attack in that situation, as Erdogan has repeatedly insisted the YPG are “terrorists” who he will not negotiate with.  In his conversation with Trump on Monday, Erdogan said, “Mr. Trump once again confirmed his decision to withdraw from Syria. He also spoke about a security zone more than 30 kilometers [about 18 miles] deep inside [Syria], which would be set up by us.”    Erdogan noted that he had pitched the idea to Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama, but the White House did not commit to it.  “We had suggested securing the ground if the U.S. would provide aerial protection. [Former U.S. President Barack] Obama did not take the necessary steps on it although he was in favor of it,” he said.  Aldar Khalil, who runs foreign relations for the ruling Kurdish political group in the region, said in an interview Tuesday that the Kurds would not accept such a deal. The YPG is the military wing of the political group that Khalil works with.  “If the Americans say it is true, that it is a safe zone under Turkish control, then we will undoubtedly not accept that,” he said, according to Kurdish outlet Rudaw. “If it refers to a zone providing safety from Turkish threats, then we say okay as something right is being done.”  “Sadly, Trump wants to implement these safe regions through cooperation with Turkey. But any role for Turkey will upset the balance and the region will not be safe,” Khalil reportedly stated. “On the contrary, Turkey is a party (to the dispute) and any party cannot guarantee security.”    Khalil suggested that the issue was not a safe zone, but that Turkey would be responsible for administering it. The Turkish government has spent years threatening to invade Rojava and replace the Syrian Kurds there, making them the main threat the Kurds are seeking safety from.  Instead, Khalil proposed the United Nations intervene in the region: “We can accept a safe zone in the following form – if it is a safe zone under the administration of the United Nations, the Coalition, and uninterested countries.”  He emphasized, however, that the reports on the conversation between Trump and Erdogan had left Kurdish officials with many questions, so a concrete answer on the deal was difficult to provide with the information available.  U.S. troops are currently active in Manbij, having withdrawn from another Rojava, region, Afrin, where the Turkish army moved in and the YPG withdrew with the Americans. The current controversy on the potential Turkish role in the region followed an announcement from President Trump that he would withdraw from Syria because the Islamic State had been defeated, “my only reason for being there.”  Early this month, during a visit to Israel, National Security Advisor John Bolton said that the withdrawal was not unconditional and that U.S. troops would not leave if a deal with Turkey could not guarantee the safety of the YPG. This week, Trump threatened Turkey with economic retaliation if the county indeed went through with an attack on the Kurds.  Complicating the withdrawal, the Pentagon confirmed on Wednesday that an Islamic State attack in Manbij itself resulted in the deaths of four U.S. service members. A jihadist suicide bomber attacked a patrol, including both U.S. and YPG troops, near a local restaurant.  Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.  
  Abu Dhabi (AFP) – An effervescent Son Heung-min inspired title-chasing South Korea to a comfortable 2-0 victory over China on Wednesday to finish top of their Asian Cup group.  Hwang Ui-jo and Kim Min-jae were on target as the Koreans, boosted by the arrival of their talisman, ran China ragged in Abu Dhabi.      Talisman Son won the penalty converted by Hwang and fizzed in the assist for Kim to spark South Korea, who finished top of Group C with a perfect nine points as they look to end 59 years of Asian Cup hurt.  Marcello Lippi’s Chinese side finished as group runners-up having likewise already sealed their place in the last 16 by winning their first two matches.  Korean captain Son surprisingly started — and completed 87 minutes — despite a punishing run of 13 games for Tottenham since the start of December.    The mercurial Spurs forward, who played in the London club’s 1-0 defeat by Manchester United three days ago, showed quick feet to tempt China defender Shi Ke into a rash challenge 12 minutes.  Hwang calmly tucked away the spot-kick to send thousands of Korean “Red Devils” fans wild at the compact Al Nahyan Stadium.  South Korea, who beat Asian Cup first-timers Philippines and Kyrgyzstan 1-0 in their opening two games, went for the jugular.  A Hwang Hee-chan rocket forced China goalkeeper Yan Junling into a fingertip save before Hwang Ui-jo curled an effort against the post.  The Koreans, joint title favourites with Iran, doubled their lead six minutes after the break when Son’s corner was met by Kim’s thumping header.    South Korea, who famously reached the World Cup semi-finals in 2002, have failed to win the Asian Cup since winning back-to-back titles in 1956 and 1960.  They have been finalists on four subsequent occasions, including in 2015 when they were beaten in extra time by hosts Australia.  But Son’s inclusion has clearly energised the Taeguk Warriors, who suddenly look a very different proposition.  China, Asian Cup runners-up in 1984 and 2004, began the competition by edging Kyrgyzstan 2-1 and overpowering the Philippines 3-0.  But they were no match for South Korea and were lucky not to concede further goals in a lop-sided game.  Elsewhere in Group C, a Vitalij Lux hat-trick sent Sven-Goran Eriksson’s Philippines crashing out and gave Kyrgyzstan hope of progressing as one of the best third-placed teams in a 3-1 victory.  German-based Lux struck once in the first half and twice in the second in Dubai before the Philippines grabbed a consolation goal through Stephan Schrock with 10 minutes to go.  
  Detroit (AFP) – Ford said Wednesday it expected to post a $112 million loss in the fourth quarter of 2018 as the automaker implements a massive restructuring in the United States and Europe.  The second-biggest US automaker said it would still post a profit after charges stemming from the drive to cut $11 billion in costs.      The firm sees adjusted profit of 30 cents a share during this period, according to the statement, less than the 32 cents anticipated by the markets.  For the full year, Ford will post a net profit of $3.7 billion, less than half the 2017 result.  Adjusted earnings per share are expected to be $1.30 across the year, right at the lower end of its $1.30-1.50 estimate in October.    “Over the last 19 months, we have worked to reshape and transform our company — sharpening our competitiveness, taking actions to improve our profitability and returns, and investing in our future,” Ford CEO Jim Hackett said in a statement.  Ford last year announced it would halt production of almost all sedans and small cars in the United States to save $11 billion, and last week announced a massive restructuring of its European operations to boost profitability, including thousands of potential job cuts. It might also scrap the Fiesta, Focus and Mondeo models in Europe, where they are popular.  Jim Farley, Ford’s president of Global Markets, said, “We are now beginning to see the results of our capital shift away from traditional sedans to trucks and SUVs with new utility nameplates globally.”  The earnings figures were released just a day after the automaker announced a global alliance with Germany’s Volkswagen to build commercial vans and pickups starting in 2022.  – Challenges for auto industry –     The alliance follows others in the auto industry, which is facing rising costs amid the drive to develop new technologies, as well as changing consumer preferences.  Company executives heralded the new alliance with VW as a cost savings move that would boost profitability by 2023.  Ford is aiming to post better financial results this year than last but warned Wednesday of potential headwinds: Brexit, tariffs, currency fluctuations, salary negotiations and the health of the Chinese and European economies all could hit the bottom line.  Ford and VW are joining forces to develop commercial vehicles and also will “investigate collaboration on autonomous vehicles, mobility services and electric vehicles and have started to explore those opportunities,” the company said.  The transformation push comes at a time when the automotive sector is undergoing major changes. Autonomous and electric vehicles have been expensive to develop and require either new factories or a complete modernization of existing ones.    Automakers have had to contend with those investments, the returns from which could be years away, while also maintaining a fresh line-up of vehicles for the present-day market.   Edmunds analyst Jessica Caldwell cautioned that VW and Ford would have to forge a deeper partnership if they were to realize the full benefits of an alliance.  “Cutting costs by sharing vehicle architectures and manufacturing facilities is just table stakes in this new world and is a nice place to start,” Caldwell said.  “However, the key to success will be if Ford and VW can help each other fend off the upstarts and become leading forces in electric and autonomous vehicle technology.”  Shares in Ford were down 2.6 percent in mid-morning trade on Wall Street toward 1600 GMT.  
  Abidjan (AFP) – The Ivory Coast government on Wednesday said there was no political hurdle to prevent former president Laurent Gbagbo, who has been acquitted of war crimes charges in The Hague, from returning home.  “Any decision lies with him. We have no comment to make otherwise,” said government spokesman Sidi Tiemoko Toure.  In a separate case, an Ivorian court last year sentenced Gbagbo to a 20-year jail term for “economic crimes”.     
  The Hague (AFP) – International Criminal Court judges said Wednesday that former Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo should be released, a day after acquitting him of crimes against humanity.  Head judge Cuno Tarfusser said the court “rejects the prosecution request to maintain them in detention” pending an appeal against Tuesday’s decision to clear Gbagbo and his right-hand man Charles Ble Goude.     
  Beirut (AFP) – US service members were among those killed in a suicide attack Wednesday in the flashpoint Syrian city of Manbij, the US-led coalition said without specifying how many.  “US service members were killed during an explosion while conducting a routine patrol in Syria today,” a coalition spokesman said in a statement posted on social media.    “We are still gathering information and will share additional details at a later time.”   
  Moscow (AFP) – Russia on Wednesday dismissed as ridiculous reports questioning whether US President Donald Trump has acted as an agent for Russia as controversy mounted over his alleged ties to the Kremlin.  Trump has denied explosive news reports that he hid details of discussions with President Vladimir Putin and that the FBI investigated him as a potential national security risk who might be acting on behalf of Russia.      Asked about the issue by journalists in Moscow, Putin’s foreign policy advisor Yuri Ushakov said: “Why comment on something stupid? How can the US president be an agent of another country?”   The aide said Russia’s relations with the US were “at rock bottom” and “nothing has happened in the context of developing them.”  Trump himself said on Monday that he “never worked for Russia” and told reporters: “It’s a disgrace that you even ask that question.”    The US president was responding to a report in The New York Times that said the FBI had opened an investigation into whether he was acting on Russia’s behalf after he fired the FBI’s then-director James Comey in 2017.  Trump slammed this report as “a lot of fake news” and called the then-leaders of the FBI who decided to investigate him “known scoundrels, I guess you could say dirty cops.”  In addition, The Washington Post reported on what it said were unusual lengths taken by Trump to hide details of his conversations with Putin.  The Post story said Trump personally acted to prevent notes taken by his interpreter during one-on-one meetings with Putin from being shared with aides. He allegedly took the notes away and ordered the interpreter not to divulge the contents.  But the White House rejected the Post report, with spokeswoman Sarah Sanders calling it “so outrageously inaccurate it doesn’t even warrant a response.”    “President Trump has actually been tough on Russia,” she said.  – Nothing to leak? –  The bombshell reports came as Washington special prosecutor Robert Mueller presses on with a huge investigation into alleged Russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election — and the possibility Moscow colluded with Trump’s campaign.  Earlier on Wednesday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov wondered why the complex Mueller probe has been almost leak-proof, implying it had not turned up any strong evidence.  “No facts have been presented and there haven’t been any leaks, which is very strange for the American political system,” Lavrov told a news conference.    Asked whether the Kremlin had influenced the transparency of Trump’s talks with Putin, he expressed disgust that US journalists were even covering the issue.   “For the American press, this is a lowering of journalistic standards,” he retorted.  Suspicions over Trump’s links to Russia have been fuelled by his past as a real estate developer selling to wealthy Russians and never-fulfilled plans to build a Trump Tower in Moscow, as well as his decision to hold his Miss Universe competition there in 2013.  During the 2016 election, Trump’s campaign had numerous contacts with Russians.  Trump has rejected the conclusions of US intelligence that Russia meddled in the election and he fired Comey for resisting pressure to halt his investigation into Trump’s campaign and Russia.  
   Today is Wednesday, Jan. 16, the 16th day of 2019 with 349 to follow.  The moon is waxing. Morning stars are Jupiter, Mercury, Saturn and Venus. Evening stars are Mars, Neptune and Uranus.        Those born on this date are under the sign of Capricorn. They include Andre Michelin, the French industrialist who first mass-produced rubber automobile tires, in 1853; Canadian poet Robert Service in 1874; former Cuban dictator Fulgencio Batista in 1901; inventor Frank Zamboni in 1901; singer Ethel Merman in 1908; zoologist Dian Fossey in 1932; writer Susan Sontag in 1933; opera singer Marilyn Horne in 1934 (age 85); race car driver A.J. Foyt in 1935 (age 84); producer/singer Rene Angelil in 1942; country singer Ronnie Milsap in 1943 (age 76); radio talk show host Laura Schlessinger in 1947 (age 72); film director John Carpenter in 1948 (age 71); choreographer/actor/director Debbie Allen in 1950 (age 69); Nigerian singer Sade Adu in 1959 (age 60); British television host James May in 1963 (age 56); British model Kate Moss in 1974 (age 45); singer Aaliyah in 1979; baseball star Albert Pujols in 1980 (age 39); actor/playwright/singer Lin-Manuel Miranda in 1980 (age 39); actor Birgitte Hjort Sorensen in 1982 (age 37); singer FKA Twigs, born Tahliah Debrett Barnett, in 1988 (age 31).    On this date in history:  In 1581, the English Parliament outlawed Roman Catholicism.    In 1919, the United States went legally “dry” when the 36th state ratified the 18th Amendment. Prohibition went into effect one year later and the amendment was repealed in 1933.  In 1942, screen star Carole Lombard, her mother and 20 other people were killed in a plane crash near Las Vegas. Lombard was the wife of actor Clark Gable.  In 1984, U.S. President Ronald Reagan called for “peaceful competition” with Moscow. He authorized research and development on space-age weapons capable of destroying incoming nuclear missiles — the program known as “Star Wars.”  In 1990, Soviet troops entered Azerbaijan amid fighting between Christian Armenians and Islamic Azerbaijani in Azerbaijan in the waning days of the central government’s power.  In 1997, the 28-year-old son of TV star Bill Cosby, Ennis Cosby, was shot to death in the Bel-Air area of Los Angeles while changing a flat tire on his car.  In 2001, President Laurent Kabila of the Democratic Republic of the Congo was shot to death by one of his bodyguards, who was killed by other guards.  In 2006, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf was sworn in as Liberia’s president. She was the first female elected head of state in Africa.  In 2014, Major League Baseball announced a “historic” expansion of instant replay to review close calls — starting in the 2014 season.    A thought for the day: “I’ve lived by a man’s code designed to fit a man’s world, yet at the same time, I never forget that a woman’s first job is to choose the right shade of lipstick.” — Carole Lombard  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Those born on this date are under the sign of Capricorn.  They include:      — Andre Michelin, the French industrialist who first mass-produced rubber automobile tires, in 1853  — Canadian poet Robert Service in 1874  — Former Cuban dictator Fulgencio Batista in 1901    — Inventor Frank Zamboni in 1901  — Singer Ethel Merman in 1909  — Zoologist Dian Fossey in 1932  — Writer Susan Sontag in 1933  — Opera singer Marilyn Horne in 1934 (age 85)    — Race car driver A.J. Foyt in 1935 (age 84)  — Producer/singer Rene Angelil in 1942  — Country singer Ronnie Milsap in 1943 (age 76)  — Radio talk show host Laura Schlessinger in 1947 (age 72)  — Film director John Carpenter in 1948 (age 71)    — Choreographer/actor/director Debbie Allen in 1950 (age 69)  — Nigerian singer Sade Adu in 1959 (age 60)  — British television host James May in 1963 (age 56)  — British model Kate Moss in 1974 (age 45)  — Singer Aaliyah in 1979  — Baseball star Albert Pujols in 1980 (age 39)  — Actor/playwright Lin-Manuel Miranda in 1980 (age 39)  — Actor Birgitte Hjort Sorensen in 1982 (age 37)  — Singer FKA Twigs, born Tahliah Debrett Barnett, in 1988 (age 31)  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York announced Tuesday that she is running for president.  During an appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Gillilbrand said she was filing for an exploratory committee for the 2020 campaign.      “I’m going to run for president of the United States because as a young mom, I’m going to fight for other people’s kids as hard as I would fight for my own,” she told the late-night host.  The audience cheered when Gillibrand said she believes “healthcare should be a right and not a privilege.”  The announcement follows her hiring of several senior aides late last week, the New York Times reported.    She could begin campaigning as early as this weekend, with Politico reporting that she is planning to visit Iowa over the weekend.  Gillibrand has long been a critic of Republican President Donald Trump, having previously called for his resignation over allegations of sexual misconduct.  Other high-profile candidates who have announced their intention to seek the Democratic Party’s nomination include Sens. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Cory Booker of New Jersey and Julian Castro, who has served as mayor of San Antonio and as housing secretary in the Obama administration.  Officially, more than 450 people have registered with the Federal Election Commission to run.  “Tonight I announced that I’m preparing to run for president, because I believe we’re all called to make a difference,” Gillibrand said in a tweet. “I believe in right vs. wrong — that wrong wins when we do nothing.”  
  SEOUL, Jan. 16 (UPI) — South Korean customs authorities discovered that South Korean businessmen purchased paintings at an art studio in North Korea that is under United Nations sanctions.  Seoul’s Unification Ministry said some of the members of the World Federation of Korean Association of Commerce, which consists of Korean executives running businesses overseas, bought artworks at Mansudae Art Studio during their visit to Pyongyang in November. A total of 97 business magnates went to Pyongyang to attend a business conference Nov. 15-18.      The state customs service discovered some 20 paintings during a random inspection at Incheon International Airport and seized them as undeclared items.    “Whether it’s a breach of the sanctions would be decided according to related laws. The matter is under discussion by government officials,” ministry spokesman Paik Tae-hyun said in a Wednesday briefing.  The U.N. Security Council banned the Mansudae Art Studio’ export of artworks in November 2016 under the Resolution 2371. It accused the art studio of attracting money from overseas through the sales.  According to the ministry, the entity under the sanctions is the Mansudae Overseas Development Company Group, an official name for the Mansudae Art Studio.  The ministry said it wasn’t notified of the businessmen’s plan to visit the studio. Those who plan to travel to North Korea are required to submit their plans to the ministry beforehand.  “Their itinerary stated visits to commercial and industrial facilities, plus city sightseeing in Pyongyang. So, we didn’t know details of their plans,” Paik said.  In September, South Korean President Moon Jae-in visited the art studio during his summit trip.  
  SEOUL, Jan. 16 (UPI) — South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-hwa said Wednesday the South Korean government seeks to hold an international forum on wartime sexual violence as part of its effort to support South Korean victims of Japanese military sex slavery during World War II.  “At an international level, we are seeking ways to contribute to the global discussion for wartime sexual assault so that painful history of ‘comfort women’ doesn’t vanish,” Kang said at a New Year’s news conference.      “We plan to gather local experts for a workshop to discuss agendas and participants for an international discussion,” she said.  The South Korean and Japanese governments reached an agreement in 2015 to settle the issue of South Korean “comfort women.” Under what Japan called “final and irreversible” agreement, Japan contributed some $9 million to set up a foundation that oversees compensation to surviving victims.  However, South Korean victims refused to accept the agreement and said the Japanese government is trying to get away with wartime crimes by paying money without making a sincere apology. The victims called on the South Korean government to scrap the agreement and disband the foundation.    South Korea closed the foundation in November.  Kang said South Korea won’t seek renegotiation with Japan as it respects the deal that the two neighboring countries made. However, the country has called on Japan to make efforts for sincere measures that victims can relate to.  “The fact that the agreement stays in place doesn’t change,” Kang said. “But we continue to stress that Japan should make an effort in the name of justice.”  Thousands of women were forced to serve in Japanese military brothels in several places in Asia where Japanese troops fought, including Taiwan; Hainan Island and Guangdong, China; Hong Kong; and Sumatra, Indonesia, during WWII.  There are 27 surviving “comfort women” victims in South Korea, who have been staging a protest to demand an apology from the Japanese government every Wednesday in Seoul for 28 years.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — House Speaker Nancy Pelosi urged President Donald Trump in a letter Wednesday to delay his State of the Union address this month until after the federal shutdown ends.  Pelosi reminded Trump in the letter that workers in the U.S. Secret Service and Department of Homeland Security, which have both been effective by the shutdown, have not been paid. The interruption creates security concerns for the president’s annual address to a joint session of Congress on Jan. 29, she said.      “Sadly, given the security concerns and unless government re-opens this week, I suggest that we work together to determine another suitable date after the government has re-opened for this address or for you to consider delivering your State of the Union address in writing to the Congress on January 29th,” Pelosi wrote in the letter.    Pelosi said the State of the Union has never been delivered during any government shutdown. It was once delivered, in writing, to Congress by President Woodrow Wilson. President Ronald Reagan delayed his address for a week in 1986 after the Space Shuttle Challenger exploded.  The partial government shutdown, now the longest in U.S. history, has affected nine federal departments while Trump demands more than $5 billion for his wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. Trump has said he will keep the government closed until the wall money is included in a bill to fund the government, which has been shuttered since Dec. 22.  Neither house of Congress has included wall funding in their bills to reopen the government. In the meantime, about 800,000 federal employees are out of work or working without pay. A group of centrist Democrats turned down a luncheon meeting with Trump Tuesday to discuss the impasse.  Trump didn’t immediately respond to Pelosi’s request, but he again tweeted about the need for border security.  “There are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world, with 45 countries planning or building Walls. Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015. They have all been recognized as close to 100% successful. Stop the crime at our Southern Border!” he wrote.  “It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime. They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border. #2020!”  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — The Rolling Stones, Katy Perry and Dave Matthews Band are set to headline the 2019 New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival.  The 50th annual festival will be held from April 25-28 and then May 2-5 at the Fair Grounds Race Course in New Orleans.      Jimmy Buffett, Chris Stapleton, Bob Seger, Carlos Santana, Pitbull, Van Morrison, Al Green, Logic, Earth, Wind & Fire, J Balvin, Gladys Knight, Chaka Khan, Tom Jones, Alanis Morissette, Ciara, The Doobie Brothers, Ziggy Marley and many more and also set to perform.    Each day of the festival will feature a different lineup of artists. The Rolling Stones will be take the stage on May 2 alongside Marley, Jones and Mavis Staples.  Tickets go on sale for the general public on Friday starting at $70 through Ticket Master. VIP passes are also available.  
  NEW YORK (AP) — Sears will live on— at least for now.  The company’s chairman and largest shareholder, Eddie Lampert, won a bankruptcy auction for Sears, averting liquidation of the iconic chain, according to a source familiar with the negotiations. The person agreed to speak on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the negotiation publicly.      Lampert is the only one to put out a bid for the whole company. The 56-year-old billionaire had sweetened his bid to more than $5 billion over the last few days through an affiliate of his hedge fund ESL.  Details of the final terms couldn’t be learned.  The plan still must be approved by the bankruptcy judge in White Plains, New York, who is presiding over the court case.   Lampert, who steered the company into bankruptcy protection, may be able to keep the roughly 400 remaining Sears stores open, meaning tens of thousands of jobs have been saved, at least for now.    Whether Sears, founded 132 years ago as a mail order watch business, can survive in the Amazon era remains questionable. Already, Sears has outlasted Toys R Us, Sports Authority, Bon-Ton Stores and dozens of others that were unable to survive the torrents of a massive recession and unrelenting technological change.  Sears, which also operates Kmart, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in October. At that time, it had 687 stores and 68,000 workers. At its peak in 2012, its stores numbered 4,000.  Lampert, who gave up the CEO title when the Sears filed for chapter 11, says there’s still potential for the company.  Industry analysts are not so sure.  “While there’s no doubt that a shrunken Sears will be more viable than the larger entity, which struggled to turn a profit, we remain extremely pessimistic about the chain’s future,” said Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail. “In our view, Sears exits this process with almost as many problems as it had when it entered bankruptcy protection. In essence, its hand has not changed, and the cards it holds are not winning ones.”    To survive, Sears needs to overhaul its business, revitalize aging stores and focus on major appliance and tools sales, say industry analysts. Still, it won’t be easy. Walmart, Target and others have been heavily investing in stores and expanding online. The difference is that they have the capital to keep spending.  Under Lampert, Sears has survived by spinning off stores and selling brands that had grown synonymous with the company, like Craftsman. Lampert has loaned out his own money and cobbled together deals to keep the company afloat, though critics said he has done so with the aim of benefiting his ESL hedge fund.  ESL has maintained that the moves put much needed cash into the business.  Lampert personally owns 31 percent of the Sears’ outstanding shares and his hedge fund has an 18.5 percent stake, according to FactSet.  Four years ago the company created a real estate investment trust to extract revenue from the enormous number of properties owned by Sears. It sold and leased back more than 200 properties to the REIT, in which Lampert is a significant stake holder.  He stands to realize a big tax gain keeping Sears alive, using the company’s years of net operating losses to offset future taxable income if one of his other companies takes over the chain, says David Tawil, president and co-founder of Maglan Capital, which follows distressed companies.    Tawil and others believe Lampert wants to be in full control of liquidating Sears’ assets, including real estate.  Lampert combined Sears with Kmart in 2005, about two years after he helped bring Kmart out of bankruptcy. He pledged to return Sears to greatness, but that never happened.  The company, hammered during the recession and outmatched in its aftermath by shifting consumer trends and strong rivals, hasn’t had a profitable year since 2010 and has suffered 11 straight years of annual sales declines. Lampert has been criticized for not investing in the stores, which remain shabby.  ____  Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio  
  LONDON (AP) — International tensions and nationalist politics can further weigh on the global economy this year and hinder efforts to deal with big issues such as climate change, the organizers of next week’s Davos forum warned Wednesday.  In its annual Global Risks Report, the World Economic Forum said the world is evolving into “a period of divergence following a period of globalization.” A “darkening” economic outlook, in part fostered by geopolitical tensions between the United States and China, “looks set to further reduce the potential for international cooperation in 2019,” it said.      “With global trade and economic growth at risk in 2019, there is a more urgent need than ever to renew the architecture of international cooperation,” said Borge Brende, President of the World Economic Forum, which hosts an annual gathering of business and political leaders in the Swiss ski resort of Davos.  “We simply do not have the gunpowder to deal with the kind of slowdown that current dynamics might lead us towards.”  In 2018, the global economy slowed more than most experts had predicted and stock markets posted their worst year in a decade. Much of that has been blamed on the standoff between the U.S. and China over trade that has led to both sides imposing tariffs on hundreds of billions worth of goods.    The report, which is based on the views of around 1,000 experts and decision-makers from around the world, found that 88 percent of respondents expect a “further erosion” of global trading rules and agreements that will hold back growth.  The U.S.-China relations will be one of the main talking points at next week’s gathering in Davos, with a number of high level representatives from each side due to attend, including U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and China’s vice president, Wang Qishan. Britain’s upcoming exit from the European Union will be another key issue after British lawmakers overwhelmingly rejected the Brexit deal Prime Minister Theresa May had negotiated with the EU.  The 2016 vote to leave the EU had been driven in large part by a belief that Brexit would restore decision-making powers to Britain. U.S. President Donald Trump has used similar justifications to employ his “America First” policies on a range of international issues, such as climate change.  One area identified as being affected by the more fractured geopolitical environment is the need to modernize critical infrastructure projects around the world, such as roads, bridges and power networks, firstly and foremost to avoid accidents such as the collapse of a bridge in Genoa, Italy, last summer that killed 43 people.  John Drzik, President of Global Risk and Digital at Marsh, which helped with the preparation of the report, said the “more protectionist economic environment” is increasing costs and causing delays. The introduction of steel tariffs by the United States, he noted, raised the costs of an infrastructure project in Detroit by approximately 13 percent.  “Persistent underfunding of critical infrastructure worldwide is hampering economic progress, leaving businesses and communities more vulnerable both to cyberattacks and natural catastrophes, and failing to make the most of technological innovation,” he said.  
  Police in St. Petersburg, Florida, have arrested seven adults and charged them with keeping a 16-year-old boy as a sex slave in a filthy trailer for a year.  The victim was discovered during an investigation of another missing teen from Louisiana, according to Fox 61.  Police in Louisiana alerted Florida officials that a 17-year-old had gone missing and may have been lured via a gaming app called Discord.      The subsequent St. Petersburg police investigation led officials to the trailer where the teen was discovered. Along with the Louisiana teen, another missing teen was discovered living in a trailer with four adult men:    Suspect Andrew Barry Dennis initially told police the younger teen was his son, but the ruse was quickly debunked.    Police soon identified the younger boy as a Marion County, Florida, teen who disappeared a year ago when he was 15.  Prosecutors now say the boy was lured to the trailer by Eleanor Faye McGlamory, another suspect arrested this week.  The boy was allegedly then forced into sexual slavery.  “For the next year, [the 15-year-old teen] was introduced to sadomasochism and used as a sex slave by Mark and Andrew Dennis, Gruwell, Schwartz, and their associates, Michael Ray Blasdel and JR Gauthier,” police said in a news release.  Police also said the teen was withheld from school and never received medical attention.  Police charged Mark Earl Dennis, Andrew Barry Dennis, Curtis Lee Gruwell, Eleanor Faye McGlamory, Michael Wayne Schwartz, Michael Ray Blasdel, and JR Gauthier with human trafficking. Blasdel, Gauthier, and the two Dennises have been hit with a charge of sexual battery of a child under 16:    Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.  
  During Wednesday’s “Morning Joe” on MSNBC, host Joe Scarborough commented on the ongoing partial government shutdown, likening it to the “Seinfeld” tag of being the “show about nothing.”  According to Scarborough, the shutdown is “over nothing” because “Republicans did not want this wall.”      “It’s a Seinfeld shutdown, a shutdown over nothing,” Scarborough stated. “Republicans and Democrats agreed by unanimous consent to keep the government open. This is a shutdown about Rush Limbaugh and Ann Coulter attacking the president of the United States and he was being so insecure he listened to these two people and panicked and kept the government open. Republicans did not want this wall.”    He added, “Republicans don’t even want the wall. This is Donald Trump and Donald Trump alone, and not even for policy reasons. He was ready to give it up. This is just him being intimidated and frightened of some talk radio pundits.”  Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  
  In an appearance Tuesday on “The Late Show,” Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) announced she was forming an exploratory committee for the 2020 presidential race.  Gillibrand’s announcement puts her in a very crowded field of Democrats, but she said she believes she is “the woman for the job.”      “I’m going to run for president of the United States because as a young mom, I’m going to fight for other people’s kids as hard as I would fight for my own,” Gillibrand told host Stephen Colbert.    Gillibrand said she has the “compassion, the courage and the fearless determination” to fight for the right for health care and better public schools, as well as to fight against institutional racism, corruption in Washington.  She added, “It’s an important first step, and it’s one I am taking because I am going to run.”  For her first day in office, Gillibrand shared she would “restore” the “integrity and compassion of this country.”  Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent  
  The approval rating of Pope Francis declined all over Europe during the course of 2018, a new analysis observed Wednesday, in large part because of his ever-less popular pro-immigration stance and other globalist positions.  Among German Catholics, the pope’s popularity plummeted by a staggering 20 percentage points in one year, notes analyst Francesco Galietti, who runs the political risk consultancy Policy Sonar, and with Francis at its helm, the Catholic Church as a whole also suffered a drop of 9 percent in its approval rating among the same constituency.  In Italy, as well, support for the Argentine pontiff waned in 2018, Galietti observes, with surveys indicating that the pope’s approval rating fell by five percentage points over the course of the year, from 77 to 72 percent.      Francis’ decreasing popularity in Italy has been offset by growing popularity for the reigning populist, Eurosceptic government, and in particular its most charismatic member, interior minister Matteo Salvini.  While prelates and Church bodies have taken to demonizing Mr. Salvini for his determination to put a stop to Italy’s mass illegal immigration problem, more and more of the Catholic faithful have found themselves more closely aligned with Salvini than with their own shepherds.  One recent poll showed that fewer than one in five Italians (19 percent) would like the government to reopen the country’s closed ports to migrants, while only 12 percent of those surveyed said that it is the responsibility of individual states in whose territorial waters the migrant ships have arrived to resolve the situation.    The pope’s marked political character has heightened the willingness of Catholics to disagree with their pastors, Galietti notes, since the pontiff’s approximation to United Nations positions on global warming and international immigration can easily be brushed aside as simple leftist slogans with little if anything to do with the gospel of Jesus Christ.  Both in Italy and in Germany, Francis has paid the price of his “unqualified open-door policy toward migrants,” Galietti writes, which has created a “double problem” even among practicing Catholics.  On the one hand, it is subject to “excessive vagueness” that seems to ignore the real problems faced by real people, Galietti notes. And thus it is “no coincidence” that Salvini’s closure of Italian ports is the most convincing option among Italian Catholics, even who regularly attend mass, as recent surveys have shown.  On the other hand, “the politics of Pope Bergoglio is experienced as an attempt to void national identities,” Galietti states, as Francis continually insists on the priority of multinational bodies while pooh-poohing the populist, nationalist, and pro-sovereignty sentiments of many Catholics.  Curiously, this last fear spans the divide between Europhile countries (Germany) and Eurosceptics (Italy), Galietti writes, and even moderately conservative parties throughout Europe are now examining possible alliances with right-wing groups that would have been anathema just a few years ago.  It is evident that the multilateral system as a whole is “going through difficult times, with the re-emergence of nationalistic tendencies,” the pope warned a group of diplomats a week ago, as he put forward his conviction that globalist organizations are key to the maintenance of peace and international stability.  These nationalist tendencies “undermine the vocation of international organizations to be a space for dialogue and meeting for all countries,” he said.  All in all, Galietti suggests, the pope’s declining popularity is a side-effect of having hitched his horse to globalist political platforms and supranational formations, which to many Europeans is looking more like the past than the future.  Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome  
  Washington (AFP) – Iraq could bear the brunt if conflict intensifies between Iran and the United States, a think-tank study said Wednesday.  The International Crisis Group, which researches ways to prevent war, interviewed officials around the world including Iran for an extensive report on the state of the 2015 denuclearization accord between Tehran and major powers.      President Donald Trump has withdrawn the United States and ramped up economic pressure aimed at isolating Iran, although Europeans still back the accord negotiated under former president Barack Obama.  The International Crisis Group said that Iran would likely continue to comply with the deal, seeing itself as holding the moral high ground and capable of waiting out Trump, who faces re-election next year.  But the study said that Tehran’s calculations could change if its oil exports, which stood at 3.8 million barrels a day in 2017, fall below 700,000, a level that could trigger hyper-inflation and intensify domestic protests which for now appear manageable.    If Iran decides to retaliate against the United States, the report said that Tehran may find its most attractive option to be to employ its proxies around the Middle East, a path that would be murky enough to avoid a strong European reaction.  The report quoted a senior Iranian national security official as saying that the likeliest theater was Iraq, where militias from the Shiite majority have close ties with Tehran.   “Iraq is where we have experience, plausible deniability and the requisite capability to hit the US below the threshold that would prompt a direct retaliation,” the official was quoted as saying.  Iran is also deeply involved in Syria and Lebanon, but the two countries are especially fragile and Tehran could lose its gains, the official said.  Iran has limited assets in Afghanistan, while stepping up support for Huthi rebels in Yemen would hurt regional rival Saudi Arabia more than the United States, the official said.  The Wall Street Journal reported Sunday that Trump’s hawkish national security adviser, John Bolton, asked for military options to strike Iran after an Iranian-linked group launched a mortar attack in Spetember on Baghdad’s “Green Zone,” the protected area where the US embassy is located. The US says its embassy was the target.  No one was hurt and demonstrators also ransacked the Iranian consulate in Basra during the wave of protests over economic conditions in Iraq.  
  San Pedro Sula (Honduras) (AFP) – Hundreds of Hondurans have set out on a trek to the United States, forming another caravan that US President Donald Trump cited Tuesday to justify building a wall on the border with Mexico.  “A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras,” Trump tweeted Tuesday. “Only a Wall, or Steel Barrier, will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!”      As the procession left the town of San Pedro Sula under a steady rain Monday night, one of the migrants summed up their plight: “We are leaving because there is crime and no work,” said Juan Garcia, 52.  Many said they had answered an anonymous social media posting referring to a January 15 migrant caravan leaving Honduras’ second city. Most are young men, but the caravan also includes older people, including women carrying children. Some had wrapped themselves in the blue-and-white Honduran flag.  “In this country, there is nothing. Only unemployment, corruption, violence, extortion, which is why we fled the country,” said Darwin Omar Reyes, 19, from the capital Tegucigalpa.    More than 500 people set out from the center of San Pedro Sula, which is 180 kilometers (110 miles) north of the capital Tegucigalpa.  It was from the same transport hub that some 2,000 Hondurans left on October 13 in the first of a series of US-bound caravans. That and other migrant flows from El Salvador and Guatemala came to total some 13,000 people.  – Tougher border policies –  More than half turned around and went home, eventually. Hundreds — down from much larger numbers late last year — remain at the Mexican border with the United States, held back by tougher border policies under Trump and support among his base for his proposed border wall.  Marlin Alcantara, 31, said from among a group of people in the back of a pick-up truck that she was fleeing domestic violence and had documentation that would support her entry to the US. She was travelling with two daughters aged nine and 13.    “My particular case is delicate. We were victims of my mother’s husband. The miserable man is in prison now but it’s not enough. The worst thing is that she is on his side,” said Alcantara. “That’s why I made the decision to go,” she said.  Kevin Ramos, 18, worked at a coffee plantation in western Honduras before he was made unemployed two months ago.   “With God’s help, we can get a job in the United States,” he said. He said his father had urged him to join the caravan.  Many said they had lost hope under President Juan Orlando Hernandez. “We don’t want that president, who is destroying our lives,” said Javier Moran.  Hernandez’s rise to power in 2014 elections provided a surge of hope for Hondurans, but Moran said that a year into his second term, that hope had dissipated.     – Living in shelters –  According to Honduras’ embassy in Mexico, around 2,500 Hondurans from earlier caravans are currently living in shelters in Mexico, and that only about 3 percent of them are likely to achieve their goal of asylum in the United States.  The Honduran foreign ministry estimates that, in all, around 13,000 Hondurans arrived in Mexico in recent months, of which around 7,200 voluntarily returned to their country after being blocked at the Mexico-US border. A total of 11 migrants had died.  The first caravan, on October 13, sparked a Twitter-borne stream of anti-migrant invective from the US president.  Trump has refused to sign off on budgets for swaths of government departments in a showdown with Democrats over funding for his border wall project, leading to the longest government shutdown in US history.  The president has made the migrant caravans one of his main targets as part of his broader anti-immigration drive in mid-term elections last November.  
  Washington (AFP) – Historic but failing US retail chain Sears got a reprieve on Wednesday after a billionaire hedge fund manager won an auction to keep the remaining stores alive — for now, according to reports.  Edward Lampert, who steered the company into bankruptcy last year in order to restructure it, won the bid to buy the remaining assets, beating out others who would have killed off the brand, according to news reports.      The deal with Lampert’s ESL hedge fund could keep up to 50,000 people in work and 425 stores open, but requires approval from a bankruptcy court.  Lampert, who stepped down as CEO but remains Sears’ chairman, reportedly won out after he boosted his bid to $5.3 billion from $4.4 billion following several weeks of negotiations.  Lampert had taken the company into bankruptcy in October, saying that would give the company the “flexibility to strengthen its balance sheet” and enable it to accelerate a strategic transformation.    Sears said it intended to reorganize around a smaller store platform, a strategy it said would help save tens of thousands of jobs.  But industry analyst Neil Saunders of GlobalData Retail was skeptical about the plan given the challenges in the retail market.  “While there is no doubt that a shrunken Sears will be more viable than the larger entity which struggled to turn a profit, we remain extremely pessimistic about the chain’s future,” he said in a commentary.   “In our view, Sears exits this process with almost as many problems as it had when it entered bankruptcy protection. In essence, its hand has not changed and the cards it holds are not winning ones.”   Founded in 1886 as a mail order catalog company, it went on to pioneer the department store industry, selling all things to all people, and by the mid-20th century had built a vast empire that stretched across North America.  But in recent decades the company struggled in a quickly shifting retail environment, battered by competition from big-box stores and then by the meteoric rise of Amazon and other e-commerce players.  The company been drowning in debt exceeding $5 billion and closed 190 stores last year.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Jabari Parker scored a team-high 18 points and had one of the best dunks of night during a Chicago Bulls loss to the Los Angeles Lakers.  Parker picked on the Lakers in the second quarter of the 107-100 setback on Tuesday at Staples Center in Los Angeles. The Lakers led 21-20 with about 10:30 remaining in the frame when Parker caught a pass Zach LaVine.      Parker looked as though he was about to back down Lakers defender Josh Hart, but instead used a quick spin move to go toward the baseline after making the catch. He then floated back toward the rim where he elevated and pulled the ball up in his right hand.    Lakers guard Svi Mykhailiuk ran over to help, but Parker would not be stopped. He stuffed the ball in over both players with authority, giving the Bulls a one-point advantage.  Parker had three rebounds, two assists and two steals, in addition to his 18 points. Lonzo Ball led the Lakers with 19 points. Ball also picked up eight rebounds and six assists in the win.  The Lakers battle the Oklahoma City Thunder at 9:30 p.m. on Thursday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City. Parker and the Bulls face the Denver Nuggets at 9 p.m. on Thursday at Pepsi Center in Denver.  Parker is averaging 14.8 points and a career-high 6.7 rebounds per game this season for Chicago.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — President Donald Trump’s chief environmental officer began his Senate confirmation at a hearing Wednesday.  Acting EPA Administrator Andrew Wheeler appeared before the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee at 10 a.m. EST.      Wheeler was nominated for the permanent post by Trump in November, after he served as the agency’s administrator for five months. He replaced Scott Pruitt, who resigned in July after accusations of lavish spending.    Trump has said Wheeler’s “done a fantastic job.”  Two issues expected to feature prominently at his hearing are the administration’s views on climate change and Wheeler’s ties to the coal industry.  Wheeler spent nine years as a lobbyist at Faegre Baker Daniels, where he was the co-leader for the firm’s energy and natural resources industry team. Senate Democrats will likely ask if he can lead the EPA when he spent so many years lobbying against environmental regulations in behalf of the coal industry.  Environmentalists have raised concern Wheeler might undo Obama administration policies that aimed to reduce effects of climate change.  Wheeler’s is the second confirmation process going Wednesday. Attorney General-designate William Barr is being evaluated by the Senate judiciary committee.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — A fur seal that escaped from a dolphin park in Turkey has been spotted on the beach in a nearby neighborhood.  The seal, named Ciko, escaped 10 days ago from the Bodrum Dolphin Park, where he had been living for about a year.      Macit Gundogdu said he was out for a walk Tuesday in the Golturkbuku neighborhood of Bodrum when he spotted the seal on the beach.    He said the seal acted friendly toward passers-by and visited with onlookers for a time before leaving.  Bodrum Dolphin Park, which was built in 2005, has four dolphin shelter pools and a cruise stand located along Guvercinlik bay.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Nashville Predators forward Rocco Grimaldi showed off a spinning snipe during a 7-2 thrashing of the Washington Capitals.  Grimaldi lit the lamp late in the second period of the win on Tuesday at Bridgestone Arena in Nashville. The Predators led 4-1 with about five minutes remaining in the frame when Grimaldi picked up a loose puck on defense. He skated past center ice on a one-man breakaway.      He skated up on Capitals defender Jonas Siegenthaler, initially going to his right side. Grimaldi then backtracked and look as though he might pass the puck. Instead, he showed his back to the defender and spun back off of Siegenthaler’s right hip.    Grimaldi simultaneously backhanded a shot, beating Capitals net minder Pheonix Copley stick-side.  “He has been strong,” Preds coach Peter Laviolette told reporters. “He has done a good job defensively. Their line has done a good job no matter who is on it. Rocco is noticeable because he’s able to create. He has a low center of gravity. He is able to stay low when he comes out of the corners with pucks. He wins battles that way.”  “That was no different. He used his speed. He used the cutback and he got low. He pushed it at the net. It was a beautiful goal and a heck of a play.”  Viktor Arvidsson scored three of the Predators’ first four goals in the win. Nick Bonino lit the lamp twice for the Predators. Calle Jarnkrok lit the lamp 7:56 into the third period. Nicklas Backstrom and T.J. Oshie scored for the Capitals.  The Predators host the Winnipeg Jets at 8 p.m. on Thursday in Nashville. Washington hosts the New York Islanders at 7:30 p.m. on Friday at Capital One Arena in Washington, D.C.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Some 30 companies including Dow, Total, LyondellBasell and other big makers of plastic that often ends in rivers and is carried to the ocean, have raised $1 billion to set up a new organization to contribute to cleaner waters.  The Alliance to End Plastic Waste was created “to advance solutions that eliminate plastic waste in the environment, especially in the ocean,” France’s Total oil and petrochemical producer said Wednesday in a statement which was similar to another published by Dow, and LyondellBasell.      The newly created environmental organization “has committed over $1 billion with the goal of investing $1.5 billion over the next five years.”  While the statement did not provide the specific contribution per company, the $1 billion contributed by some 30 companies represents just over $30 million from each, with another $15 million added within the next five years.  “The Alliance is a not-for-profit organization that includes companies from across the global plastics and consumer goods value chain, including chemical and plastic manufacturers,” Dow said in its statement. Dow said it is playing “a lead role” but didn’t provide its contribution amount.    According to Polymer Database information, Dow in 2015 was the leading global supplier of polyethylene resin, which is the raw material used to make plastic bags, in addition to many other plastics including those used as containers for short-live household products. Dow had $49 billion in global sales that year, according to the data.  LyondellBasell said the effort is special as it “focuses the efforts and knowledge of plastics producers, consumer goods companies and retailers, as well as waste management companies.”  LyondellBasell statement said that consumer products manufacturer Procter and Gamble and waste management company Veolia are also part of the effort.  The newly created organization’s funds will be used to develop infrastructure to manage waste and increase recycling, innovate to make plastics more recyclable, educate governments and business, and to clean up “concentrated areas of plastic waste already in the environment.”  The effort comes years after environmentalists and scientists warned about the dangers of plastic waste, with estimates going back to 2006 that plastic debris kills an estimated 100,000 marine mammals annually, as well as millions of birds and fish. The presence of large masses of plastic waste in oceans was detected years earlier.    Efforts to clean the ocean that have attracted most attention in recent years have involved initiatives by individuals like Boyan Slat, who started efforts as a teenager to help clean ocean waste  Slat, who has worked on inventions and struggled for funding, warns that ocean cleaning efforts must be urgently carried out before the plastic in the ocean fragments more, making it harder to collect. Organizations have warned this has already happened in some areas where small pellets that fragment have become part of plankton environments.  “What will happen over the next few decades is that these large objects will start breaking down into these small and dangerous microplastics, increasing the amount of microplastics dozens of times — unless we clean it up. We must defuse this ticking time-bomb,” he said in an October report.  According to the Center for Biological Diversity, at current rates plastic is expected to outweigh all the fish in the sea by 2050.  This would happen within a century of the initial discoveries by Karl Ziegler and Giulio Natta of catalysts that enabled production of common plastics that are now used as bags or plastic cup containers, furniture, mattresses, clothing, construction and water pipes, as well as for parts for autos, computers and numerous other products.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — The Israel Bar Association was raided and three people were arrested Wednesday on suspicion that judges traded sexual favors for bench appointments.  The scandal has rocked the Israeli judicial system, as several prominent figures were questioned by police — including Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked and Supreme Court President Esther Hayut. One senior attorney and a female judge were also held.      The prominent lawyer, who wasn’t immediately named, is accused of meddling in the judge appointment process.    “The police today allowed partial publication of details of the affair that embarrasses the judicial system,” former Supreme Court President Dorit Beinisch said on Army Radio. “It seems that something very serious has happened here regarding the procedure of the appointment of judges to the courts.”  The probe started two weeks ago and included raiding the bar association and at least one home. Those involved in the case are under a gag order.  Opposition leader Shelly Yachimovich called the scandal “horrific” and said the “judicial selection committee operated under terror and corruption under the destructive leadership of Justice Minister Shaked.”  She also said the judges and members of the committee were in a “dirty and threatening atmosphere.”  Shaked and Hayut issued a joint statement saying only 2 of 334 judicial appointments are being investigated by the committee. They said they’re confident police will get the truth and remove questions beyond the few suspicious appointments.  Hayut sent a public letter to Israeli judges encouraging them to “continue to believe in ourselves,” and preform their duties honorably.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Several real-time infectious disease forecasting models have shown promise in accurately predicting the flu, according to new reports.  A coalition of researchers known as the FluSight Network analyzed 20 models and found that over half of them performed better than the historical baseline seasonal averages.      Their findings appeared Tuesday in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.    “We have brought together some of the top flu forecasting teams in the world, and through this collaboration have enabled an apples-to-apples comparison of our different methods and results,” Nicholas Reich, biostatistician at the University of Massachusetts who led FluSight and study author, said in a news release.  He said the predictions held true “one, two and three weeks ahead of available data and when forecasting the timing and magnitude of the seasonal peak.”  The FluSight Network also helped create an “ensemble” model where each member of the group uses their own scientific techniques to forecast the flu course for the year. Then they combine those individual trajectories for a cumulative model.  The CDC uses the same method to plan and communicate its strategy for addressing flu season.  The flu spreads to between nine and 35 million Americans each year, causing between 12,000 and 56,000 deaths, the researchers say. More than six million people in the U.S. have already been infected this flu season, with more than 80,000 people checking into the hospital for treatment.  “The field of infectious disease forecasting is in its infancy and we expect that innovation will spur improvements in forecasting in the coming years,” Reich said. “Public health officials are still learning how best to integrate forecasts into real-time decision making. Close collaboration between public health policy-makers and quantitative modelers is necessary to ensure that forecasts have maximum impact and are appropriately communicated to the public and the broader public health community.”  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — The discovery of ancient quinoa seeds outside of Ontario suggests early indigenous groups were exchanging perishable goods as early as 900 B.C.  The charred seeds were originally discovered during a mandatory archaeological review prior to the commencement of a construction project. Scientists were able to identify the seed remains as domesticated goosefoot, C. berlandieri spp. jonesianum, a now-extinct strain of quinoa native to Eastern North America. Until now, archeologists had yet to find domesticated goosefoot north of Kentucky.      “Finding domesticated seeds that are so old in Ontario is special,” Gary Crawford, professor of anthropology at the University of Toronto Mississauga, said in a news release. “The next time we find a crop in the province is about 500 A.D., and it’s corn. All previous research on this species of quinoa, which is now extinct, has taken place in the central United States: Arkansas, Illinois and Kentucky.”  Researchers have previously recovered evidence that early indigenous groups in North America traded minerals and polished stones, but not perishable goods.  “This discovery raises more questions than it answers. We had to consider whether the seeds were only traded here or grown locally,” said Ron Williamson, researcher with the archeological consulting firm Archaeological Services Inc. “We also had to consider whether this was the beginning of agriculture in the province.”    Archaeologists found no evidence that the grain was grown locally.  “If it were grown in the region, we would have expected to see seeds of the crop in other pits around the site, but they were confined to this specific pit,” Williamson said. “We also don’t see any sign of agricultural weeds or stone tools that may have been used for cultivation.”  So why did the ancient grain end up so far north? Scientists aren’t certain, but the evidence — detailed in the journal American Antiquity — suggests local native groups traded for the seeds. Quinoa was prized by other indigenous groups for its nutritional value.  “All of these bits of data demonstrate that the Indigenous Canadians were knowledgeable, sophisticated and well-connected across Eastern North America,” Crawford said.  Researchers estimate that the seeds were charred on accident during an attempt to parch the seeds.  “You can lightly parch seeds so they don’t sprout and store them,” Crawford said. “It could have been a mistake to have burned them. There was a slight oxidization of the surrounding sediment, so the soil was heated; we think they were burned in place in the pit.”  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — U.S. troops were among several killed in an attack Wednesday near Syria’s border with Turkey — a bombing claimed by the Islamic State terror group, officials said.  The soldiers died at a busy restaurant in Manbij, a key city in northern Syria patrolled by a U.S.-led coalition. The explosion happened when a suicide bomber approached coalition forces and blew himself up.      Video footage showed an explosion on a busy street and what appeared to be a U.S. helicopter evacuating the wounded. It wasn’t immediately clear how many were killed or how many were U.S. troops.    The Islamic State claimed credit for the attack on its news website Amaq.  Operation Inherent Resolve said in a Twitter post coalition members conducted a “routine patrol” in the area.  “CJTF-OIR is aware of open source reports regarding an explosion in Syria. Coalition forces conducted a routine patrol in Syria today. We are still gathering information and will share additional details at a later time,” OIR wrote.  Manbij is an area that’s patrolled by U.S. troops backing the Syrian Democratic Forces. Wednesday’s attack is the first to include U.S. casualties since President Donald Trump announced a full U.S. withdrawal from Syria.  That announcement led to the resignation of U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis and calls from Republican legislators like U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham for Trump to reconsider. Since then, national security adviser John Bolton has said the pullout will be based on conditions that protect Kurdish fighters, who’ve been part of the U.S.-led coalition.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — YouTube has moved to ban videos that depict dangerous activity that could cause injury or death — like the “Bird Box” and “Tide Pod” challenges, which were both very popular on the site last year.  The video sharing platform said Tuesday it’s making the move to pre-empt potential harm caused by video makers looking to produce the next big YouTube hit.      “We’re clarifying what this means for dangerous challenges and pranks,” YouTube said in a statement. “YouTube is home to many beloved viral challenges and pranks, but we need to make sure what’s funny doesn’t cross the line into also being harmful or dangerous.  “We’ve updated our external guidelines to make it clear that we prohibit challenges presenting a risk of serious danger.”  YouTube said the ban also applies to content that makes victims believe they’re in serious physical danger, or cause children to experience severe emotional distress.    YouTube said there will be a grace period for channels to make changes to their content.  The “Bird Box challenge” was based on a Netflix horror film in which people wear blindfolds during daily activities. A 17-year-old Utah girl caused a car accident while driving blind folded.  The trend prompted Netflix to post a disclaimer discouraging simulations.  Can’t believe I have to say this, but: PLEASE DO NOT HURT YOURSELVES WITH THIS BIRD BOX CHALLENGE. We don’t know how this started, and we appreciate the love, but Boy and Girl have just one wish for 2019 and it is that you not end up in the hospital due to memes.- Netflix US (@netflix) January 2, 2019    Another popular trend on YouTube last year involved people putting the laundry detergent “pods” in their mouths. Pod manufacturer Tide enlisted the help of New England Patriots star Rob Gronkowski to get the warning across.  What should Tide PODs be used for? DOING LAUNDRY. Nothing else.Eating a Tide POD is a BAD IDEA, and we asked our friend @robgronkowski to help explain. pic.twitter.com/0JnFdhnsWZ- Tide (@tide) January 12, 2018    YouTube also updated its guidelines on external links and custom thumbnail images to reinforce a ban on pornography and graphic violence. Each violation will be a strike against that user. Accounts are terminated if they get three strikes in a 90-day period.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — A restaurant chef was killed and two people were hurt in New York City late Tuesday by an attacker wielding a hammer, police said.  The attack occurred at Seaport Buffet in Brooklyn. Authorities said the assailant first went after the owner at the front of the Seaport Buffet before going after the chef and another worker in the back.      All three were hospitalized in critical condition. Police said the 34-year-old chef later died. The 60-year-old owner and 51-year-old worker are expected to survive.    Police said they have arrested a suspect and recovered the hammer.  Samantha Randazzo, owner of Randazzo’s Clam Bar next door, said a worker from the Seaport Buffet came in to warn them about the hammer-wielding suspect.  “We let them in and they said a guy came in crazy with a hammer and started hammering certain people, random people,” she said. “The guy said he was just screaming crazy words, like ‘I’m killing everybody, world is hell.’”  Randazzo and the others in the clam bar locked the doors until police arrived.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — A San Diego bar is having its 2,800 varieties of whiskey counted by Guinness World Records in the hopes of being recognized by the organization.  The Whiskey House, located in the Gaslamp District, said Guinness adjudicators are counting its collection of more than 2,800 whiskeys to capture the record for the largest commercial inventory of whiskey in the world.      The bar said last November that it had added another 300 bottles to its already 2,500-strong collection, bringing its menu to a total 61 pages.  The current record is held by the Hotel Skansen in Farjestaden, Sweden, which boasts a whiskey collection of 1179 bottles.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — On this date in history:  In 1581, the English Parliament outlawed Roman Catholicism.      In 1919, the United States went legally “dry” when the 36th state ratified the 18th Amendment. Prohibition went into effect one year later and the amendment was repealed in 1933.  In 1942, screen star Carole Lombard, her mother and 20 other people were killed in a plane crash near Las Vegas. Lombard was the wife of actor Clark Gable.  In 1984, U.S. President Ronald Reagan called for “peaceful competition” with Moscow. He authorized research and development on space-age weapons capable of destroying incoming nuclear missiles — the program known as “Star Wars.”    In 1990, Soviet troops entered Azerbaijan amid fighting between Christian Armenians and Islamic Azerbaijani in Azerbaijan in the waning days of the central government’s power.  In 1997, the 28-year-old son of TV star Bill Cosby, Ennis Cosby, was shot to death in the Bel-Air area of Los Angeles while changing a flat tire on his car.  In 2001, President Laurent Kabila of the Democratic Republic of the Congo was shot to death by one of his bodyguards, who was killed by other guards.  In 2006, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf was sworn in as Liberia’s president. She was the first female elected head of state in Africa.  In 2014, Major League Baseball announced a “historic” expansion of instant replay to review close calls — starting in the 2014 season.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Denver Nuggets sharpshooter Jamal Murray mastered a new range against the Golden State Warriors, drilling a shot from half court at the first quarter buzzer.  Murray’s half-court heave began with him receiving an inbound pass from forward Juancho Hernangomez with about three seconds remaining in the frame on Tuesday at Pepsi Center in Denver. Murray took four dribbles before reaching half court and coming up on Warriors defenders Andre Iguodala and Draymond Green.      He decided to launch his shot, despite facing the lengthy opposition. Murray launched the prayer, hitting the shot off of the backboard and into the net as the buzzer sounded. The shot made the score 51-38, with the Warriors maintaining a 13-point lead in the frame.    The Warriors came away with a 142-111 triumph.  Murray had 21 points, four assists and three rebounds in the loss. Malik Beasley led the Nuggets with 22 points. Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson each netted a game-high 31 points for the Warriors. Kevin Durant backed the “Splash Brothers” with 27 points in the victory.  Murray is averaging a career-best 18.5 points, 4.9 assists and 4.6 rebounds per game this season for Denver. The Nuggets host the Chicago Bulls at 9 p.m. on Thursday in Denver. The Warriors host the New Orleans Pelicans at 10:30 p.m. on Wednesday at Oracle Arena in Oakland.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Free agent linebacker Lorenzo Alexander will remain with the Buffalo Bills in 2019.  The Bills announced a one-year contract extension with the veteran defender on Wednesday. Alexander, 35, had 74 tackles, nine passes defensed, 6.5 sacks, two forced fumbles, two interceptions and a fumble recovery in 16 games this season for Buffalo. Alexander started eight games and also played on special teams.      The 12-year veteran made the Pro Bowl in his first season in Buffalo, piling up 64 tackles, 12.5 sacks, six passes defensed, three forced fumbles and an interception in 16 starts during his 2016 campaign.  Alexander has 388 tackles, 31 sacks, 22 passes defensed, 11 forced fumbles, four fumble recoveries and three interceptions during his NFL tenure. He played the first six seasons of his career for the Washington Redskins, making the Pro Bowl in 2012. He also played two seasons for the Arizona Cardinals and a season for the Oakland Raiders before joining the Bills.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Ohio State Buckeyes quarterback Tate Martell announced Wednesday he is transferring to the University of Miami.  Martell broke the news with a short message on Twitter: “Right back like we never left. I’m a Hurricane.”      The quarterback entered his name into the NCAA transfer portal last week, allowing him to interact with other schools about a possible move.    Martell, who will be a redshirt sophomore, was behind 2019 NFL Draft prospect Dwayne Haskins last season. Martell appeared to have first crack at the starting job after Haskins’ departure, but the Buckeyes flipped former Georgia Bulldogs quarterback Justin Fields to compete against him.  Martell will likely sit out the 2019 season due to NCAA transfer rules. He would have two years of eligibility remaining in 2020.  Martell joined Ohio State in 2017 and took a redshirt as a true freshman. He completed 23-of-28 passes for 269 yards and one touchdown, including 128 rushing yards and two scores on the ground, last season.  The new Hurricanes signal-caller joins former high school teammates Bubba Bolden and Brevin Jordan at the school.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — The Los Angeles Angels have acquired right-handed pitcher John Curtiss in a trade with the Minnesota Twins.  Los Angeles announced the acquisition on Tuesday night. The Angels traded infielder Daniel Ozoria to the Twins in the swap. Los Angeles designated right-hander Parker Bridwell for assignment in order to make room on the roster for Curtiss.      Curtiss, 25, posted a 5.68 ERA and an 0-1 record in eight appearances last season for the Twins. He allowed eight hits and four runs, while walking four, in 6.1 innings during his 2018 campaign. Curtiss posted an 8.31 ERA in nine games during his 2017 season for the Twins. He was a sixth-round pick by the Twins in the 2014 MLB June Amateur Draft.    He made his Major League Baseball debut on Aug. 25, 2017. Curtiss was designated for assignment on Monday when the Twins had to make room on the roster after signing former Angels pitcher Blake Parker.  Ozoria, 18, owns a .222 batting average with nine doubles and four triples in 111 career games at the Rookie level.  
  JOHANNESBURG (AP) — It began with cars exploding and several armed young men, wrapped in ammunition belts, sauntering onto the scene. It was declared over nearly 20 hours later with at least 14 people killed, 700 people evacuated and the Islamic extremist attackers “eliminated.” Overnight, scores of frightened people hid in washrooms, offices and elsewhere as gunfire popped and security forces hunted the gunmen. Here’s a rough timeline of what occurred in the deadly attack on a luxury hotel complex in Kenya’s capital.  ___      Tuesday, 3 p.m.  Reports begin to spread of an explosion and gunfire at the Riverside Drive complex, which includes a hotel, shops, restaurants and offices in Nairobi’s upscale Westlands neighborhood. Several cars are ablaze in a parking lot as security forces stream in and people run or are carried from the scene. Police quickly call it a terror attack.  ___    4:30 p.m.  Plainclothes police with guns drawn hurry from shop to shop to look for trapped civilians and an unknown number of attackers. A black plume of smoke rises from the scene. Sporadic gunfire continues.  ___  5 p.m.  The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab claims responsibility and says its members are still fighting inside. Survivors rushing from the scene, some in tears, report seeing bodies.    ___  6 p.m.    Kenya’s national police chief says special forces are trying to flush out the attackers and look forward to “bringing the situation to normalcy in the shortest time possible.” Kenyans watch the police response closely after officers took hours to respond to a deadly attack on the nearby Westgate Mall in 2013.  ___  7 p.m.    A Kenyan police officer among the first responders says “there was no time to count the dead,” with bodies seen in restaurants downstairs and in offices upstairs. Gunfire continues.  ___  8:30 p.m.  Kenya’s national police chief gives the first official details of the attack, saying it began with an explosion that targeted three vehicles outside a bank while a suicide bomber blew up in the hotel lobby, severely wounding bystanders. He calls the operation “still ongoing.”  ___  11 p.m.  Kenya’s interior minister says all buildings have been secured and security forces are in the final stages of “mopping up.” There is still no official toll of dead or wounded.  ___  11:30 p.m.  Kenya’s Citizen TV airs what it calls surveillance footage that shows four attackers, young men in ammunition bandoliers, splitting up as they calmly walk across an outdoor area of the complex.  ___  Wednesday, 1 a.m.  Some family members say loved ones are still trapped inside even after Kenyan authorities called all buildings secure. One woman says her brother is hiding with over 10 other people.  ___  2 a.m.  A Kenyan police officer says 15 bodies have been taken to the morgue. Anguished family and friends gather there.  ___  4 a.m.  Kenya’s interior ministry says “no further threat to the public exists” and that civilians who had been “secured” in one building have been safely evacuated.  ___  6:45 a.m.  Another explosion and gunfire are heard, shortly after scores of survivors who had still been holed up in part of the complex are freed. They reunite with relieved friends and family and recount a long night of cowering in hiding places while listening to nearby gunfire.  ___  9:00 a.m.  Bursts of gunfire are still heard from the complex.  ___  10:30 a.m.  Kenya president says 14 “innocent people” are dead and declares the attack over, saying all the terrorists have been eliminated.”  ___  3:30 p.m.  A new blast is heard at the complex, 24 hours the attack began. Witnesses say security forces are conducting a painstaking sweep for any explosives the attackers left behind in a final attempt at carnage.  
  Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro kept his campaign promise by signing a decree ending the good cause requirement for a self-defense firearm purchase.  NPR reports that Bolsonaro’s decree “[removes] the need to prove necessity” when purchasing a gun.  NPR’s Philip Reeves observed that the red tape associated with a gun purchase often meant that Brazilians who needed guns for self-defense had their purchases denied because of their inability to prove the need:      When he was campaigning to be president in front of crowds, Bolsonaro had a signature gesture. He’d hold his hand aloft and make his fingers into the shape of a pistol. That’s how he symbolized his campaign promise to give Brazilians far greater access to guns. Brazil leads the world in the total number of homicides. That promise did a lot to help get Bolsonaro elected.  Today, Bolsonaro took a step towards keeping it. Brazilian law already allows people over 25 to possess firearms under certain conditions. One was that they had to prove why they needed a gun. That sounds easy. In practice, the police frequently turned them down.  Alexandre Coelho is a firearms instructor in Brazil who believes Bolsonaro’s decree may cause criminals to rethink things before invading another home: “It gives me a chance to fight. I think the criminals will think twice to enter your home, to break in your home and harm you and your family.”    On January 2, 2019, Breitbart News reported Bolsonaro’s observation that “hoodlums already have guns” and it was time to level the playing field.  He tweeted: “By decree we intend to guarantee the possession of firearm for the citizen without criminal antecedents, as well as make its registration definitive.”  AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment. He is the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com. Sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange.     
  CNN prime time host Don Lemon lectured Trump supporters on air Tuesday, questioning why people continue to support Trump when his racism is “personal and even deadly.”  “I know people who support Donald Trump, they’re not bigots, but for people who look like me, other minorities, women who have–well, let’s just leave this to race,” Lemon said to open his show.  “This president has said and done so many insensitive, and bigoted, and racist things, that if you support for him–if you support him, people like me want to understand why you ignored so much in order to support this man,” he continued. “You may not think you’re a racist. Maybe–I don’t know if you are. I don’t think, you know, every Trump supporter is a racist.”      “But you certainly had to overlook racism and bigotry in order to make that decision. Now, then, maybe you made that decision in the voting booth, and then, now, even after all of this, if you still, in your mind, can support this person, why the hell are you overlooking racism so much?”    “It is personal and even deadly to people like me. That is important,” Lemon said.  Lemon’s nightly on air talks with Chris Cuomo often generate explosive headlines. In October, Lemon said that America’s biggest terror threat came from right-wing white men.  “So, we have to stop demonizing people and realize the biggest terror threat in this country is white men, most of them radicalized to the right,” he said.  “And we have to start doing something about them. There is no travel ban on them. There is no ban on  — they had the Muslim ban. There is no white guy ban. So, what do we do about that?”  Follow Justin Caruso on Twitter @justincaruso2  
  Paris (AFP) – A Canadian tourist who says she was gang-raped by French officers at police headquarters in Paris told a court on Wednesday that agreeing to visit their offices was the “worst mistake of my life”.  Testifying at the trial of two of the officers in a courthouse next door to the scene of the alleged attack, Emily Spanton, 39, admitted she was drunk when she met the men in a bar near their offices.      Spanton said she went out just “to have some fun” on April 22, 2014 but wound up in 36 Quai des Orfevres, the fabled headquarters of the Paris criminal police on the Seine river, which features in the Maigret detective novels of writer Georges Simenon.  She claims she was raped by up to three policemen in a case that caused shock in France, where the “36” was revered as a centre of crime-fighting excellence.  Spanton met the officers, who were among a group of around 10 policemen, while drinking at a bar directly across the Seine river from their offices.    She admitted to flirting with the group but after drinking a while found she had “no idea what they were saying”.  The accused — named as 49-year-old Nicolas R. and 40-year-old Antoine Q., whose full names cannot be given under French law — then invited her to visit their offices.  “They explained the police station had been the subject of films, and made it sound like something I would want to see,” she told the jury.  “And I thought that going to a police station would sober me up as there would be plenty of lights and people.”  But in the middle of the night, their 5th floor offices were empty.     Spanton said she was offered a large glass of whiskey and took “a sip just to be polite”.  She was forced to swallow most of the alcohol before being pushed to her knees.  “Someone was forcing himself inside my mouth,” she said, adding that her and tights were then ripped off.  She said she was raped by up to three men, though she admitted to being too drunk and stunned to identify a third suspect. She also said that her glasses were taken from her, making her unable to see clearly.  “I just gave up; just wanted it to be over,” she said, denying that she had encouraged the men to engage in sex.    “I kept my eyes closed,” she added.  The two accused deny rape, but one said he and Spanton had kissed, while the other admitted to fellatio, but said she had consented.  DNA from three men was found on her underwear, though only that of the two accused could be identified.  – Told to ‘go home’ –  On leaving the station, Spanton told police on duty she had been raped, but said she was treated as a drunk and told to “go home”.  She later went to another police station to file a complaint.  Investigators said medical tests revealed Spanton had taken a cocktail of anti-depressant medication, opiates and cannabis on the night of the alleged assault.  The two defendants, who have retained their jobs, face up to 20 years’ imprisonment if found guilty.  They wiped all messages and videos from the night from their mobile phones, but one message found on a colleague’s phone suggested they were preparing to engage in sex.  In 2016, investigative magistrates decided to drop the case against them, suggesting Spanton’s claims were confused, but prosecutors later demanded a trial.  The Paris criminal police department was at the centre of several scandals in 2014 and 2015.  A few months after the alleged rapes, the “36” was back in the headlines after 50 kilogrammes (110 pounds) of seized cocaine, with an estimated street value of two million euros ($2.2 million), vanished from a secure room in the building.  The following year, the head of the force, Bernard Petit, was suspended after allegedly leaking sensitive information to another senior police officer being investigated over fake documents.   
  Gaza City (Palestinian Territories) (AFP) – Three Italian security officers left the Gaza Strip on Wednesday after an incident that saw them flee to a UN building as Hamas security pursued them, an official and a diplomatic source said.  The three were in Gaza to prepare for an upcoming visit by the Italian consul general based in Jerusalem, the diplomatic source said, and were stuck in the UN building for around a day after the incident.      They were allowed to leave after their identities were confirmed and it was determined they were not involved in any wrongdoing, a Gazan security source said.  Hamas has been on high alert for infiltrations following a November botched Israeli special forces operation inside Gaza.  The unusual incident began on Monday night, when the three were in a car in central Gaza as gunfire rang out, said Gaza interior ministry spokesman Iyad al-Bozum.    “The car then headed to a United Nations headquarters in Gaza City,” he said in a statement, adding that there were suspicions about their identities.  Hamas security forces pursued them and surrounded the building, leading to a standoff.  Hamas-affiliated media reported that the Italians had refused to be searched and then fled to the UN building, but al-Bozum did not comment on this.  The Gaza security source said that through investigations they had identified the three, clarified their entrance to Gaza was legal and “that their car had no relation with the shooting incident.”  The diplomatic source said the discussions with Hamas occurred through intermediaries since Italy does not have contacts with the Islamist group, which the European Union labels a terrorist organisation.  The security agents left the Gaza Strip on Wednesday afternoon, the source said.  In November, an Israeli undercover unit was discovered in a botched raid, leading to a gunfight in which seven Palestinians and one Israeli were killed.  The agents were allegedly using fake ID documents of Gaza residents and were posing as charity workers.  
  Harare (AFP) – Leading Zimbabwean activist Evan Mawarire was arrested by armed police at his home in Harare on Wednesday in a widening security crackdown after violent anti-government protests.  The nationwide protests were triggered by President Emmerson Mnangagwa’s move to double fuel prices at the weekend as the country’s economic crisis deepens.      “Armed police surrounded his residence,” Teldah Mawarire, his sister, told AFP. “I was directly in contact with him until he was taken and he could no longer be online. We are very concerned.”  Mawarire’s lawyer Beatrice Mtetwa told reporters he had been taken to a city centre police station.  “He has been arrested, accused of inciting violence through social media,” she told AFP.    A wave of protest erupted on Monday, prompting a security crackdown in which at least five people were shot dead, Human Rights Watch said.  HRW said security forces responded with live ammunition, rubber bullets and teargas after protesters set fire to a police station, barricaded roads and looted shops in Harare, Kadoma and Bulawayo cities.  Zimbabwe’s mobile phone networks and the internet, which were partially shut down on Tuesday, were down for a second day on Wednesday.  Mnangagwa, 76, unveiled the fuel price hike in a televised address late on Saturday then left for an overseas trip.   – President calls for calm –    “Resolving Zimbabwe’s economic challenges is a monumental task… We are moving in the right direction. We will get there,” Mnangagwa tweeted from Russia.  “I call for calm and peace from all of our brothers and sisters,” he added in a message that few Zimbabweans could see due to the internet shutdown.  Police and soldiers have been accused of indiscriminately dragging people from their houses in Harare and beating them. About 200 people have been arrested.  Mawarire, a pastor, became a prominent voice during the protests of 2016 when he posted videos on social media criticising the government while wearing a Zimbabwean flag around his neck.  His posts inspired the ThisFlag movement that led mass protests against Robert Mugabe, the long-time president who was ousted in 2017 after a military takeover.    Mawarire, who was holding a Zimbabwean flag as he was taken away on Wednesday, has also been a fierce critic of Mnangagwa, Mugabe’s successor.  Mnangagwa — Mugabe’s former deputy — has claimed he represents a fresh start and has vowed to revive the shattered economy by attracting foreign investment.  But since his disputed election victory in July, the country has been hit by renewed shortages of fuel, bread, medicine and other daily essentials.  – ‘Unsolvable economic mess’ –  “Mnangagwa was not able to engineer any sort of economic recovery, so he hasn’t been able to open up political space,” Derek Matyszak, a Harare-based analyst at the Institute for Security Studies, told AFP.   “Investment he was hoping for has not materialised. The economic mess is unsolvable in the short term, so the administration is reacting in the way ZANU-PF knows best — with a very heavy hand.  “The biggest signal of the return of repressive policies of Mugabe is the shutdown of internet. They obviously have no qualms about how the international community sees them.”  Zimbabwe’s economy has been in ruins since hyperinflation wiped out savings between 2007 and 2009, when the Zimbabwean dollar was abandoned in favour of the US dollar.  Official inflation is at 31 percent though many say the real rate is far higher.  Long queues lasting hours or even days form outside petrol stations and banks, where both fuel and cash are rationed.  With US dollar notes scarce, Zimbabweans are forced to withdraw “bond notes” — supposedly equal to US dollars but worth far less in reality.   Mugabe, now 94, was ousted in November 2017 when the military, fearing that his wife Grace was being lined up to succeed him, seized control and forced him to resign.  
  Jan. 16 (UPI) — Bachelor star Colton Underwood discussed the heartbreak of his split from Aly Raisman during Tuesday’s episode of the Ladygang podcast.  The 26-year-old reality star referred to the two-time Olympic gymnast as his “first love” while recalling his “worst heartbreak” for hosts Keltie Knight, Jac Vanek and Becca Tobin.      “While it was confusing and it was hard in the beginning, it also taught me a lot about myself — what I need, what I want, what I can do better in a relationship,” the star said of his split from Raisman.    “It was a big step for me. It was really tough,” he added.  Underwood split from Raisman in June 2017 after several months of dating. He voiced his love and respect for the athlete in an interview with Us Weekly in July during her involvement in Larry Nassar’s case and sentencing.  “To be very candid about it, she’s going through enough right now,” the star explained of keeping his past relationship with Raisman private. “She doesn’t deserve to be in this at all.”  “I have so much love and respect for Aly and the voice that she is and the role model that she is for every young woman out there,” he added.  Underwood competed for Becca Kufrin’s affections in The Bachelorette Season 14, which aired over the summer. He is now looking for love in The Bachelor Season 23, which premiered last week.  
  WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on acting Environmental Protection Agency chief Andrew Wheeler (all times local):  10:32 a.m.      A top Senate Democrat is describing President Donald Trump’s nominee to lead the Environmental Protection Agency as “just as extreme” as his predecessor.  Acting EPA chief Andrew Wheeler is appearing Wednesday before a Senate committee considering his nomination to head the agency.  Democratic Sen. Tom Carper told Wheeler and other senators that Wheeler’s environmental policies in six months at the agency’s acting head were “just as extreme” as those of Scott Pruitt, who resigned last July amid ethics investigations.    Carper cited rollbacks in car mileage standards and toxic mercury emissions under Wheeler as examples of unsafe deregulation, saying they went beyond what industries themselves wanted.  Wheeler was defending his record at EPA over the chants of environmental protesters who shouted, “Shut down Wheeler.”  __  9:30 a.m.  President Donald Trump’s nominee to lead the Environmental Protection Agency is describing himself as a champion of deregulation and the environment.    Former coal lobbyist Andrew Wheeler has been leading the EPA since Scott Pruitt resigned amid ethics scandals in July. He is to appear Wednesday before a Senate committee considering his nomination.  Wheeler’s prepared remarks call protecting human health and the environment his most important responsibility. He cites EPA progress cleaning up Superfund sites and other pollution, including work that was begun under the Obama administration.  Wheeler also boasts of the Trump administration’s regulatory rollbacks at the EPA, saying the administration has finished 33 major deregulatory actions.  Wheeler is expected to face questioning on the health impacts of those rollbacks and on his past lobbying work.  ___    12:55 a.m.  Acting Environmental Protection Agency chief Andrew Wheeler’s past lobbying work is expected to draw scrutiny at his confirmation hearing for the permanent post.  A Senate committee on Wednesday will consider Wheeler as President Donald Trump’s nominee for EPA administrator. Wheeler has served as the agency’s acting head since Scott Pruitt resigned in July amid allegations over Pruitt’s spending and alleged favor-seeking.  Environmental groups want senators to question Wheeler about his lobbying for coal interests and others just before he joined the EPA.  The watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington has filed an ethics complaint alleging Wheeler improperly oversaw regulatory rollbacks benefiting coal and others he had lobbied for.  EPA spokesman John Konkus calls that “baseless.” Konkus says Wheeler consults closely with ethics officials at the agency.  
  WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the government shutdown (all times local):  9:55 a.m.      House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has asked President Donald Trump to postpone his State of the Union address to the nation — set for Jan. 29 — until the government reopens.  The White House hasn’t immediately responded to a request for comment about Pelosi’s request, which she made in a letter to the president.  Pelosi says the partial shutdown is raising concerns about security preparations for the speech. The California Democrat notes that the Secret Service and Department of Homeland Security have been without funding for almost four weeks.    The annual speech is perhaps the president’s biggest opportunity to present his agenda directly to the public.  Pelosi writes that “given the security concerns and unless government reopens this week, I suggest that we work together to determine another suitable date after the government has re-opened.”  She’s also raising the possibility that Trump deliver the message in writing, as presidents once did.  ___  12:55 a.m.    Congress is planning to skip next week’s planned recess if the partial government shutdown continues. And there’s every indication it will drag on.  Neither side is showing signs of backing down.  President Donald Trump has told supporters in a conference call that the shutdown will continue, in his words, “for a long time” if it has to.  And Trump contends that people are impressed at how well the government is working.  Democrats remain opposed to Trump’s demand for $5.7 billion to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. They say they’ll discuss border security once the government has reopened.  An effort by the White House to divide House Democrats fizzled when centrist and freshmen Democrats didn’t accept a White House invitation to lunch with Trump on Tuesday.  
  WASHINGTON (AP) — Shutdown pressure on President Donald Trump mounted Wednesday as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi called on him to delay his State of the Union address and his own economists acknowledged the prolonged standoff was having a greater economic drag than previously thought.  In a letter to Trump, Pelosi cited security concerns, noting that both Secret Service and the Department of Homeland Security are affected by the partial government shutdown, now it its fourth week. She added that unless the government reopens this week, they should find another date or Trump should deliver the address in writing.      The White House did not immediately respond to the high-stakes move on the 26th day of the shutdown, as Trump and Democrats are at an impasse over Trump’s demands for $5.7 billion to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border.  Democrats say they will discuss border security once the government has reopened, but Pelosi is refusing money for the wall they view as ineffective and immoral.  With no breakthrough in sight, the White House planned further meetings with rank-and-file lawmakers Wednesday, though few saw those sessions as likely to budge either side. Administration officials sought to project confidence, even as Trump’s economists indicated the shutdown was having a greater impact than previously predicted.    In a call with reporters, White House Council of Economic Advisers chairman Kevin Hassett said Tuesday the shutdown is reducing economic growth more than predicted. He said the “hope is this resolves quickly and that it won’t have a major impact on the long-run outlook, even though it does have a major impact on individual lives.”  An economic shift could rattle Trump, who has tied his political fortunes to the stock market and has repeatedly stressed economic gains as evidence that his tax-cut package and deregulation efforts are succeeding. Economic optimism had already cooled somewhat as Trump’s trade fight with China shook the markets.  While the hit to the overall economy so far remains slight, economists foresee real damage if the shutdown drags into February or beyond.  Roughly a million government employees and contractors aren’t being paid. Travel plans are compromised by shuttered federal parks and airport delays. Some Americans trying to start small businesses face delays in obtaining the required tax identification number from the IRS.  White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters that the economy remained strong.    “I know there has been some impact, but at the same time we’re focused on the long term economic principles the president has laid out,” she said.  The House and Senate have announced they will cancel an upcoming recess week if the shutdown continued, which seemed likely.    The president, on a conference call with supporters Tuesday, showed no signs of backing down.  “We’re going to stay out for a long time, if we have to,” Trump said. He also suggested the partial shutdown, which has clogged airport security lines and shuttered federal agencies, was going smoothly.  “People are very impressed with how well government is working with the circumstances that we’re under,” Trump said.    Behind the scenes, though, the administration — and its allies on Capitol Hill — are warily eyeing the next payday, hoping to reach a resolution before next week’s Tuesday deadline, when they’ll need to prepare the next round of paychecks for workers who have been seeing zeros on their pay slips.  “There is definitely a sense that there is a deadline approaching, which would be next Tuesday, to make sure that we’re able to solve this problem,” said Mercedes Schlapp, a White House spokeswoman.  Trump, who a week ago seemed intent on declaring a national emergency in order to build the wall, has turned his attention back to Congress as polling shows he is taking much of the blame for the standoff.  On Tuesday, the White House had invited rank-and-file lawmakers to lunch with Trump at the White House as part of a strategy to build support from centrist Democrats and newly elected freshmen, including those from areas where the president is popular with voters. But none of the House Democrats took Trump up on the offer.  Trump ended up lunching with a handful of lesser-known House Republicans.  Trump urged his supporters to call the offices of Democratic lawmakers to press them to support the wall to reopen the government  Republicans complain that Democrats are the ones who are refusing to budge, and they say it’s up to Pelosi to bring Trump a new offer.  Some lawmakers are reluctant to return home for next week’s planned recess — some were planning their first town halls of the new year — as the standoff deepens. JPMorgan’s Jamie Dimon told reporters Tuesday that he expects U.S. economic growth to slow to nothing this quarter if the government shutdown continues.  “I hope it doesn’t go to the end of the week,” said Sen. John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 2 Senate Republican. “I’d like to see us have a breakthrough here.”  But hopes of side deals being cut by the White House seemed unlikely, as did the prospect of groups of senators meeting privately to forge a compromise.  Said Sen. Chris Coons, D-Del., “The shutdown will eventually take us to a place where the average American is angry at and sick of all of us.”  ___  For AP’s complete coverage of the U.S. government shutdown: https://apnews.com/GovernmentShutdown  ___  Associated Press writers Darlene Superville, Matthew Daly, Jonathan Lemire, Alan Fram, Lisa Mascaro, Andrew Taylor, Laurie Kellman, Elana Schor and Ken Sweet contributed to this report  
  Statistics released by the Swedish criminal statistics agency Brå reveal that 42 percent of women aged 20 to 24 feel insecure in their everyday lives, fearful they could be victims of various crimes.  The new statistics come as part of the agency’s National Security Survey (NTU) of 2018, which found that the women surveyed claimed to have changed their route or mode of transport due to fears of crime.  Maria Söderström, an investigator at Brå, commented on the results, saying: “The fact that many people’s lives are limited by the fact that they have to change their travel routes and methods is a serious consequence of the insecurity and anxiety about crimes that young women say they experience.”      The report comes after another report released by Brå last July which showed nearly half of the women living in “vulnerable areas,” often referred to as no-go zones, felt insecure in their own neighbourhoods after dark.    The survey also found the across the board more Swedes are becoming wary of what they post on social media due to the possibility of being harassed or threatened because of what they post.    Sweden: Deadly Violence at Highest Level Since Records Began  https://t.co/gr1IGLA0RP  — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) March 28, 2018
  Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) announced on Twitter Tuesday evening that she will be serving on the House Financial Services Committee led by Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA), a vocal critic of President Trump.    Personally, I’m looking forward to digging into the student loan crisis, examining for-profit prisons/ICE detention, and exploring the development of public & postal banking. To start. 🙂  — Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (@AOC) January 16, 2019
  The Patriots and Chiefs will already play their conference championship tilt this weekend in the middle of an arctic blast. Now, as if the game needed any more environmental phenomenons, a rare lunar eclipse is also predicted to occur towards the end of the AFC Championship Game.  As fans exit Kansas City’s Arrowhead Stadium, they will be able to look up and see only the second lunar eclipse to ever occur during an NFL football game:    Sunday January 20 as the Patriots-Chiefs game ends, a #LunarEclipse will begin. This will be only the second time an @NFL game was played during a lunar eclipse. What was the other? (Unfortunately it was under a dome and so fans couldn't readily see it). pic.twitter.com/SUb0YWDi25  — Dean Regas (@DeanRegas) January 14, 2019
  Moscow (AFP) – Russia said on Wednesday it was ready to work with Washington to save a crucial arms control treaty and called on Europe to help in faltering talks.  Tensions have raged for months over the fate of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces treaty (INF) signed  in 1987 by then US president Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev.      US President Donald Trump has promised to walk away from the agreement and President Vladimir Putin threatened a new arms race, saying Europe would be its main victim.   Speaking after fresh talks between US and Russian officials in Geneva to salvage the INF led nowhere, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow was ready to continue talks.  “We are still ready to work to save the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty,” Russia’s top diplomat told reporters.     He called on European nations to help influence Washington, saying they had a major stake in the issue and should not be “at the tail-end of the US position”.  Last month Washington said it would withdraw from the INF treaty within 60 days if Russia did not dismantle missiles that the US claims breach the deal.  Moscow’s top negotiator in Geneva, deputy foreign minister Sergei Ryabkov, said the Geneva talks centred on Russia’s 9M729 system but that US demands regarding the missile were unacceptable.   Lavrov said on Wednesday the Russian side in Geneva came up with “constructive proposals” aiming to give the US an idea of what the 9M729 system was.  “However, US representatives arrived with a prepared position that was based on an ultimatum and centred on a demand for us to destroy this rocket, its launchers, and all related equipment under US supervision,” Lavrov said.     The US negotiators never explained why Washington did not want to consider Russia’s proposals, he added.  – ‘You are violating, we are not’ –  Talks have essentially ground to a halt, Lavrov said, describing Washington’s logic as: “You are violating the treaty and we are not.”  Russian negotiators on Tuesday proposed holding another round of talks on the agreement but received no reply from the US side, Ryabkov has said.   Russia denies it is in violation of the treaty, which forbids ground-launched short- and intermediate-range missiles.    In Geneva on Tuesday, US and Russian diplomats blamed each other for pushing the agreement to the brink of collapse.      Russia said Washington had confirmed its intention to exit the February 2 treaty.   US Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security, Andrea Thompson, has said the Geneva meeting was “disappointing” and Russia continued “to be in material breach of the treaty.”  – US trying to ‘impose its will’ –  Lavrov also expressed hope it would be possible to save another key arms control agreement, the New START.   The agreement, which caps the number of nuclear warheads held by Washington and Moscow, expires in 2021.  “We are doing a lot to remove possible irritants regarding it and are interested in having it extended,” he said.  He slammed Washington’s overall position, saying the potential for conflict was increasing due to the West’s unwillingness to accept “the reality of an emerging multi-polar world” and its desire to “impose its will” on the rest of the global community.  Putin has threatened to develop nuclear missiles banned under the INF treaty if it is scrapped.   He said in December he was open to the idea of other countries joining the INF treaty or to starting talks on a new agreement.  Putin has also said that if Washington moved to place more missiles in Europe after ditching the deal, Russia would respond “in kind” and that any European countries agreeing to host US missiles would be at risk of a Russian attack.  The INF deal resolved a crisis over Soviet nuclear-tipped ballistic missiles targeting Western capitals, but put no restrictions on other major military actors such as China.  
  London (AFP) – Unai Emery believes he will be handed the time necessary to “get Arsenal back to where the club deserves to be” despite a recent slump threatening the Gunners’ chances of a return to the Champions League.  After a 22-game unbeaten run between August and December, Arsenal have lost three of their last six Premier League matches to fall six points behind Chelsea in the battle for a top-four finish.      However, the Spaniard is confident that he is not working under the same time pressure to succeed as he was at Paris Saint-Germain where one league title and four domestic cups in two seasons in charge were not enough to keep his job due to a lack of progress in the Champions League.  “The idea is to get Arsenal back to where the club deserves to be, but it needs time,” Emery told Sky Sports.  “At Arsenal, it’s maybe the first time I feel that I have the support to build up from the bottom in order to get where we want to be.    “It allows us to work more for the long-term –- or at least, ‘long-term’ in football terms. It supports the kind of work we want to do at this club.”  Of more immediate concern for Emery is making the best of the resources available to him after claiming the club doesn’t have the funds for any permanent transfers this month.  A large chunk of Arsenal’s budget is tied up in a lucrative deal handed to Mesut Ozil last January that runs until 2021.  The former German international is the club’s highest earner, reportedly on £350,000 a week.  However, Ozil failed to even make Emery’s squad for the 1-0 defeat at West Ham last weekend and has been routinely dropped throughout the course of the season.    Emery, though, is hoping his treatment of the former Real Madrid star will get the best out of Ozil rather than force him out of the club.  “At certain times, you have to provoke friction with footballers,” added Emery.  “From that friction, you can get something more out of them, something from inside, a greater sense of ambition or maybe even a complaint –- a complaint regarding the team can be positive.  “As a manager, you have to be careful because that friction can break a relationship. But I believe in always looking for more, both individually and collectively.  “In the end, the main thing with any footballer is that their qualities are used to benefit the team. As a manager, you have to get the maximum out of that player and at the same time make sure that he fits with the rest of the team so that everyone is better.”  
  Washington (AFP) – The top Democrat in Congress on Wednesday urged President Donald Trump to postpone his upcoming annual State of the Union address, citing security shortcomings due to the ongoing partial government shutdown.  Trump was due to deliver his speech, in which a president lays out his legislative agenda and provides an economic status report to the nation, on January 29.      “Sadly, given the security concerns and unless government re-opens this week, I suggest that we work together to determine another suitable date after government has re-opened for this address or for you to consider delivering (it) in writing to the Congress on January 29th,” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said in a letter to the president.    The United States is in the grips of its longest-ever government shutdown, with about 25 percent of federal agencies and offices shuttered.   The US Secret Service, which is charged with the protection of the president, provides security for what are known as national special security events, including the State of the Union.   “However, both the US Secret Service and the Department of Homeland Security have not been funded for 26 days now -– with critical departments hamstrung by furloughs,” Pelosi noted in her letter.  She also said that “since the start of modern budgeting in Fiscal Year 1977, a State of the Union address has never been delivered during a government shutdown.”  The notion that Trump, a billionaire businessman who dramatically boosted his national prominence through his reality television show “The Apprentice,” would send in a written version of his address seems quaint in today’s screen-dominated digital era.  But Pelosi pointed out that up until Woodrow Wilson’s presidency in the early 20th century, “these annual State of the Union messages were delivered to Congress in writing.”  
  HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — Zimbabwe police armed with AK-47 rifles arrested Evan Mawarire, an activist and pastor, from his home in the capital on Wednesday as a crackdown grew over protests against dramatic fuel price hikes in the economically shattered country.  As some hungry Harare residents reported being tear-gassed by police when they ventured out for bread, President Emmerson Mnangagwa denounced what he called “wanton violence and cynical destruction.” He noted a right to protest and called for calm, saying he understands people’s “pain and frustration,” but he appeared to side with authorities who have blamed the opposition for any unrest.      Mawarire was clutching a Bible when police bundled him into their car. He had organized what became nationwide anti-government protests in 2016 against mismanagement and then-President Robert Mugabe’s long stay in power. “They are alleging that he incited violence through Twitter and other forms of social media in the central business district,” said Beatrice Mtetwa, the pastor’s lawyer.  There were widespread reports of violence as Zimbabwe faced a third day of protests over what has become the world’s most expensive gasoline. This is the country’s worst unrest since deadly post-election violence in August that saw six people killed.  Zimbabwe’s largest telecom company, Econet, sent text messages to customers saying it had been forced by the government to shut down internet service.    “The matter is beyond our control,” it said.  Armed police and soldiers broke up groups of more than five people in Harare, while desperation for food forced some people to venture into the streets. But virtually all shops were closed.  Police fired tear gas after a crowd tried to overrun a shopping center that opened to sell bread. Soldiers with AK-47s took charge of the long line.  “This kind of life is unbearable, we have soldiers at fuel queues and now soldiers again are controlling the bread queue,” one man said. “Are we at war?”  He told The Associated Press that it was the only shop open. “I have no choice but to wait. People are hungry at home,” he said. He spoke on condition of anonymity out of concern about possible retaliation.    Other arrests were reported. A spokesman for the main opposition MDC party, Nkululeko Sibanda, said in a Twitter post that “party leadership” had been detained. “This is only deepening the political crisis in the country,” he said.  As Mnangagwa makes an extended overseas trip that will include a stop at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, to plead for more foreign investment, former military commander and Vice President Constantino Chiwenga, a hardliner, is in charge at home.  Eight people were killed on Monday when police and military fired on crowds, according to Amnesty International. But Zimbabwe’s government said three people were killed, including a policeman who was stoned to death by an angry crowd.  The anti-government demonstrations amounted to “terrorism,” Information Minister Monica Mutsvangwa said on state television Tuesday night. The protests were “well-coordinated” by Zimbabwe’s opposition, she said.  The Zimbabwe Association of Doctors for Human Rights said in a statement that it had attended to 107 patients by late Tuesday afternoon, with injuries including gunshot wounds to the head. It said most cases were in Harare and Zimbabwe’s second city, Bulawayo.    International concern has been rising over Zimbabwe after a burst of optimism when Mugabe stepped down in late 2017 under military pressure.  The British minister for Africa, Harriett Baldwin, on Tuesday noted “worrying levels of violence” and urged restraint by Zimbabwe’s security forces. But South Africa’s foreign ministry said in a statement that “we’re confident measures being taken by the Zimbabwean government will resolve the situation.”  Streets were largely deserted in Harare on Wednesday. “Shops closed, schools closed, no public transport, petrol stations closed,” said Human Rights Watch southern Africa director Dewa Mavhinga.  “Food fast running out in homes,” he added. Zimbabwe’s acting president was “silent.”  Zimbabweans in neighboring South Africa protested outside their embassy. Tino Mambeu called the arrest of Mawarire “madness, thus absolute rubbish.”  ___  Associated Press video journalist Nqobile Ntshangase in Pretoria, South Africa contributed.  ___  Follow Africa news at https://twitter.com/AP_Africa  
  NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — The Latest on the extremist attack on a hotel complex in Nairobi, Kenya (all times local):  5:45 p.m.      The father of the American killed in the attack in Kenya’s capital says his son worked in the complex and often ate at a cafe in the luxury hotel targeted by the gunmen.  Jason Spindler’s father, Joseph, says his son grew up in Houston, graduated from the University of Texas and was enjoying a successful career on Wall Street when he decided that he wanted to develop a model for helping low-income people.  Jason Spindler entered the Peace Corps and lived in Peru, where he developed sustainable business models for rural residents.    Spindler, who would have turned 41 next Tuesday, later became a founder of I-DEV International and had been living in Kenya for about five years.  His father says he worked with international companies to form business partnerships in Kenya that would boost local economies.  ___  4:55 p.m.  A group of Muslim leaders in Kenya’s capital have condemned the deadly hotel attack by Islamic extremists, calling it “immoral and inconsistent with any human values.”    In a statement, the leaders urge Kenyans to stay calm and united and to “shun the desperate attempts by some misguided elements to divide the country along religious and ethnic lines.”  Kenya’s president says security forces killed the gunmen who attacked a luxury hotel and shopping complex in Nairobi on Tuesday. President Uhuru Kenyatta says 14 “innocent people” were killed.    Al-Shabab — the Somalia-based extremist group linked to al-Qaida — claimed responsibility for the carnage.  ___  3:45 p.m.    One hospital in Kenya’s capital says it has seen mostly gunshot wounds among the casualties from Tuesday’s attack on a Nairobi hotel complex.  Dr. Vishal Patel, medical director at M.P. Shah Hospital, says they received seven wounded people and two of them died. The rest needed emergency surgery.  The doctor says that “our condolences go out to the families who have lost their loved ones due to this horrific attack.”  Kenyan authorities have not released a number of wounded but said 14 people were killed.  ___  3:35 p.m.  A new blast has been heard at a hotel complex in Kenya’s capital, 24 hours after several extremists attacked.  Witnesses say security forces are conducting a painstaking sweep for any explosives in the Nairobi complex of half a dozen buildings. Emergency responders near the scene appear unperturbed.  Kenya’s president has said “all the terrorists have been eliminated” in the attack that authorities say killed 14 people. Some 700 people were evacuated in the overnight security operation.  ___  3:25 p.m.  San Francisco-based company I-DEV International confirms that American Jason Spindler was killed in the extremist attack in Kenya’s capital.  Spindler was the co-founder and managing director of I-DEV. The company says in an email that nine others in its Nairobi office were safely evacuated.  Kenyan authorities have said 14 people were killed in the attack. The al-Shabab extremist group has claimed responsibility.  ___  2:40 p.m.  The London-based company Adam Smith International says two employees were shot to death in a cafe during the hotel attack in Kenya’s capital.  A statement says Abdalla Dahir and Feisal Ahmed were killed on the terrace of a restaurant in the complex where the company has Nairobi offices. The company says some 50 staff and consultants were safely evacuated.  The statement says both had been working on the Somalia Stability Fund managed by the company to “bring peace and prosperity to Somalia through more than 100 local community initiatives.”  Kenyan authorities have said 14 people were killed in Tuesday’s attack.  ___  1:35 p.m.  Kenyan police say they have detained a man and two women following a raid on a house where one of the Nairobi attackers was said to live.   A police official tells The Associated Press they are being questioned “to establish how they knew the man who lived here and the people who had been visiting.”  The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to reporters.  He said police carried out the raid after neighbors called saying they had identified a vehicle that had been parked outside the hotel complex during the Tuesday attack.   ___  1:15 p.m.  The British high commissioner in Kenya says at least one British national has been killed in the hotel attack in Nairobi.  High Commissioner Nic Hailey made the announcement in a post on Twitter, saying that “we are providing support to his family and friends at this very difficult time.  The high commissioner urges people to avoid the hotel area as the security operation is “still ongoing” on Wednesday.  The United States has said an American also was among the 14 reported dead in Tuesday’s attack.  ___  12:45 p.m.  Friends and relatives of some of those killed in the Islamic extremist attack in Kenya’s capital have gathered at Nairobi’s mortuary to make arrangements for burial.  Mohamed Yasin Jama lost two work colleagues. He said he saw a photo circulating on a WhatsApp group that identified one of his colleagues but didn’t want to speculate until he saw the bodies of both workers at the mortuary late Tuesday.  Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta says security forces have killed the al-Shabab gunmen whose assault on a luxury hotel and shopping complex took 14 “innocent lives” and that the East African country is safe.  ___  12:30 p.m.  Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga says “divisions are what terrorists thrive on” and is appealing for unity following the deadly attack on a hotel and shopping complex in Nairobi.  Odinga, who lost to President Uhuru Kenyatta in a bitterly disputed election in 2017, said Wednesday that the Islamic extremist gunmen did not care about the ethnic, religious or political affiliation of their victims.  “Their mission was to cause pain and fear and they proceeded to do so without seeking details,” Odinga said.  Al-Shabab, the Somalia-based extremist group, claimed responsibility for the carnage at the DusitD2 hotel complex.  ___  11:19 a.m.  Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta says authorities will “pursue relentlessly” those allegedly involved in the funding, planning and execution of Tuesday’s attack on a hotel complex in the capital.  Kenyatta said in a televised address Wednesday that “multiple security efforts are underway to detect, deter, disrupt and defeat any terrorist operative or group.”  He said over 700 people have been evacuated to safety by rescue teams.  Al-Shabab — the Somalia-based Islamic extremist group that is allied to al-Qaida — claimed responsibility for the carnage at the hotel complex, which includes bars, restaurants, offices and banks and is in Nairobi’s well-to-do Westlands neighborhood.  ___  9:52 a.m.  An injured member of the Kenyan special forces has been taken from the scene of Tuesday’s attack in an ambulance.  An Associated Press journalist saw a member of the elite unit known as RECCE Squad being taken out of the hotel complex Wednesday before he was put into an ambulance.  Kenyan police said early Wednesday there was still an active security operation ongoing after they announced overnight that all buildings in the hotel complex had been secured. Sporadic gunfire still rang out through the morning.  CCTV footage owned by local media in Kenya purports to show at least four gunmen storming the hotel complex Tuesday afternoon.  At least 15 people have been killed in the attack claimed by the Somali Islamic extremist group al-Shabab.  ___  9:40 a.m.  The Bangkok-based management of the Nairobi hotel that is part of the complex attacked by extremists Tuesday says it is “devastated” by the assault.  Dusit International, managers of the Nairobi DusitD2 hotel, says in a statement Wednesday it is “in constant contact with the authorities and would like to thank them for their swift response.” The statement said the hotel is closed and guests and those with reservations have been found accommodation in other hotels in Nairobi.  Al-Shabab — the Somalia-based extremist group that is allied to al-Qaida — claimed responsibility for the carnage at the hotel complex, which includes bars, restaurants, offices and banks and is in Nairobi’s well-to-do Westlands neighborhood.  At least 15 people were killed in the attack which started Tuesday afternoon.  ___  9:00 a.m.  Continued bursts of gunfire are heard from the hotel complex as Kenyan authorities continue to secure the scene of the attack.  ___  8:30 a.m.  Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta is expected to address the nation this morning about the extremist attack on a luxury hotel and shopping complex in Nairobi.  At least 15 people were killed in the attack which started Tuesday afternoon.  Somalia’s Islamic extremist rebel group, al-Shabab, claimed responsibility for the attack, which started with multiple suicide car bombs which breeched the security gates of the complex and then was followed by an invasion of at least four armed men.  ___  Kenyan police say there is still “an active security operation” in and around the hotel complex attacked by Islamic extremist gunmen amid sporadic gunfire from the scene.  At least 15 people were killed in the attack which started Tuesday by suicide car bombs followed by at least four armed men who invaded the hotel and shops.  Police Wednesday urged people to stay away from the crime scene until it is declared fully safe.  Scores of people were rescued at daybreak as police continued what they called a mopping-up exercise. Gunfire has been ringing out at the scene even after authorities announced that all was secure following Tuesday’s attack.  
  CNN host Don Lemon on Tuesday evening wondered why so many of President Donald Trump’s supporters overlook his “racism” that Lemon said is “personal” and “even deadly” to people like himself.  Lemon and host Chris Cuomo were discussing former Ohio Governor John Kasich’s comments about how most people who voted for Trump are not bigots.  “But for people who look like me, other minorities, women who have–well, let’s just leave this to race, this president has said and done so many insensitive and bigoted and racist things that… if you support him, people like me want to understand why you ignored so much in order to support this man,” Lemon said. “You may not think you’re a racist. Maybe–I don’t know if you are. I don’t think, you know, every Trump supporter is a racist. But you certainly had to overlook racism and bigotry in order to make that decision.”      Lemon, who has called Trump a racist numerous times and last year declared that it was “obligation” to call out Trump’s racism, wondered why Trump voters are still overlooking his racism after his first two years in office.  “Now, then, maybe you made that decision in the voting booth. And then, now, even after all of this, if you still, in your mind, can support this person, why the hell are you overlooking racism so much?” Lemon asked. “It is personal and even deadly to people like me.”  
  Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) on Tuesday evening said it is “criminal” for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) to shut down the government and block the paychecks of federal workers because “he wants to look like a man.”  Ocasio-Cortez went on Instagram Live and said, of the government shutdown, “frankly a lot of this is on McConnell” because “it’s not like they’re voting [appropriations bills] down.” She ripped McConnell for “blocking this whole process” and “sitting on appropriations bill after appropriations bills”  McConnell, saying that border security has taken “a back seat to the political whims of the far left,” has emphasized that he will not bring up “show votes” that do not “lead to an outcome” while House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) refuses to even negotiate with Trump on the border wall.      “To sit on millions of dollars and fly on private jets while you are blocking the paychecks of 800,000 people is just criminal and, honestly, I wouldn’t want that karma on my head because that is a horrible, horrible thing to do,” Ocasio-Cortez said.    Later, Ocasio-Cortez said the government is shut down because “Mitch McConnell wants to look like a man or Trump has to look like a man.”  Ocasio-Cortez also wondered how Trump and McConnell have so much power.  “You have to question how these people have this much power to begin with because this is ridiculous,” she said.  The freshman Democrat said though she wants her Green New Deal, single-payer health care, and more criminal justice reform, she would “never told TSA workers’ paychecks hostage” for policies she wants.  Ocasio-Cortez also said that some Republican Senators are ready to re-open the government, echoing Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer’s (D-NY) suggestion that some of the appropriations bills could receive a “veto-proof” majority in the Senate.  
