"I don’t spend a lot of time, I buy Final Call when I see them.
I’ve been to Saviour’s Day, I’ve read, I’ve been a fan of Elijah Muhammad, so those are my positions, but I do disagree with the notion that white people are devils.”
I wonder how far a white congressman would get saying, "I attended the Klavern, but I don't agree with the KKK's views about black people."
How many defenseless (unarmed) people are robbed, assaulted, accosted, beaten up, raped, wounded, paralyzed, or killed in a year’s time
ile officials did not reveal the woman’s name, they did tell reporters she was a prostitute.
P
a Jewish name
reputedly once a great liberal newspaper
This warning will infuriate environmental campaigners who argue by 2030 the world faces increased sea levels and flooding due to glacial melt at the poles and a warming of the globe.

(Faber was nominated by President George H.W.
Bush.)
this year’s flu vaccine
which used to consider itself the most enlightened newspaper in the country
including three immigrants,
they are themselves under investigation by a special prosecutor in Washington D.C. and they may soon avail themselves of the presumption of innocence beyond a reasonable doubt
He declined to condemn Farrakhan in a statement released to The Daily Caller News Foundation on Thursday.
“I have fought all my life to advance the cause of social justice and equality, and I have always opposed bigotry in all its forms,” Clyburn said in the statement.
We're starting to have that "national dialogue" about racism that the left keeps wanting us to have.
a photo that was subsequently suppressed in order to protect Obama's political future.
which instead has spent the last two years attempting to smear Donald Trump as the new Hitler.
with whom she was having an extramarital affair at the time
but this is the Democrats for you
The tweet included a misspelling of “counsel
Personally, I trust very, very few politicians no matter the party that they claim
who Kennedy admired),
and former World War II partner and ally),
who, according to his tagline on his article, “enjoys writing about people who have served in the military and intelligence communities,”
who “enjoys writing about people who have served in the military and intelligence communities”
