He said McGill is not alone in this respect, as this is a continent-wide phenomenon within student politics
It is said that they annihilated 50-100 hundred million, but nobody ever mentions this
claiming that it happened to the Jews alone excludes the non-Jews who were tortured by Hitler
Hitler was not the first in the West to perpetrate a genocide.
Inhuman and criminal annihilation runs in the veins of many in the West
When the Americans occupied the republics of the Indians, they annihilated millions of human beings
many of the terms used by the Zionist state constitute Nazi terms, ideas, and notions.
It is as if they are two faces of the same coin
don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom.
don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom.
politicians across this country continue to endanger the lives of Americans with sanctuary policies while ignoring the harm inflicted on their constituents."
Gee, this is ‘small potatoes’ compared to what Hillary Clinton did
Meanwhile, Britain has a steadily lengthening record of admitting jihad preachers without a moment of hesitation.
but they didn’t prosecute Hillary Clinton
did the same thing and weren’t treated as criminals
while he retires to Tennessee
while Francis does nothing
aimed its personal, petty, inhuman and craven attacks at a man whose work it once published and profited from
the systematic brutality, the widespread atrocities, the ruthless suppression of independent thought” of the Soviet Union were well known in the West while America’s imperial crimes “never happened
why ‘the systematic brutality, the widespread atrocities, the ruthless suppression of independent thought’ of the Soviet Union were well known in the West while America’s imperial crimes “never happened
But what, Mr. Farage, are we to think about the Muslims who consider themselves and their religion to be at war with us
British government bans foes of jihad terror while admitting its proponents.
UK Bans Free Speech Activists While Admitting Numerous Preachers Of Jihad Violence,
Meanwhile, Britain has a steadily lengthening record of admitting jihad preachers without a moment of hesitation.
Meanwhile, the UK banned three bishops from areas of Iraq and Syria where Christians are persecuted from entering the country.
but what about Judith Miller and The New York Times lying the West into war
All the talk of Iran and nuclear weapons is without any reference to the biggest nuclear power in the Middle East
The enemy to great power is not the likes of the Taliban, it is us
healing and reconciliation will only come if we take a hard look at our own flaws
extreme Islamics
What about Theresa May and the British government?
Are they getting pressure from the United States or are there internal reasons why they want to keep Julian Assange quiet
Unfortunately other 'western' media are not much better
Trump has so rarely recognized that American Muslims even exist, but this offers apparent proof that he is aware of our existence
What is actually offensive is that Hamid would try in this way to absolve the Muslim community of any responsibility to root out jihad terrorist from its midst
Hamid, if he cared about this, would be confronting honestly the teachings of Islam that make Ramadan the month of jihad, and working to reform them
If you want the FBI to go back that far @[email protected] to investigate Ford’s allegations….
let’s investigate my RAPE allegations against Bill Clinton, too
had a blunt message for Sen. Dianna Feinstein about the supposed “due process” that needs to be given to Brett Kavanaugh’s accuser, and it’s one that goes like this: Where was mine
She pointed to the discrepancy between Democratic lack of interest in her case and the party’s outrage over allegations of sexual assault leveled last week against Mr. Kavanaugh
if Senate Democrats want the FBI to investigate the 36-year-old accusations against Mr. Kavanaugh, they should reopen her 40-year-old case, too
who himself avoided national military service
they are themselves under investigation by a special prosecutor in Washington D.C. and they may soon avail themselves of the presumption of innocence beyond a reasonable doubt,
but they didn’t prosecute Hillary Clinton
Two guys on my ship did the same thing and weren’t treated as criminals.
people are dying by the hundreds of thousands at the hands of drugs approved by the FDA, but I don't hear you guys calling to shut down the unconstitutional FDA or put Big Pharma out of business
What about Judge Kavanaugh's comfort in being put through the ringer without a shred of evidence, Senator Flake
The letter also contrasts the stance of Islamic countries like Turkey and Saudi Arabia who “do not welcome any refugee” while Pope Francis preaches
but they didn’t prosecute Hillary Clinton.
Two guys on my ship did the same thing and weren’t treated as criminals
to point to a more than 30 year old claim that Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh engaged in sexual misconduct while he was in high school and somehow claim that he may have committed a crime while at the same time remaining silent on two women who have accused Rep. Keith Ellison, who is running for Attorney General in Minnesota, of abusing them, one of them making the claim this year
the Bible contains material that is just as bad or worse
He is just looking for attention and doesn’t want people to look at his past record and relationships
a bigger problem is the fact they actually changed one of the DOE forms
What happened to ‘Zero Tolerance’ for clerical sexual offenders?”
That error threatens to overwhelm the Church while they do little more than fret about a situation whose self-evident cause—a reckless Pope in love with his own ideas and filled with contempt for Tradition—they seem incapable of identifying.
But Shapira would be wise to follow his own advice because he himself is guilty of what he accuses others of.
President Trump then reminded everyone of the Obama administration’s failures in dealing with Russian meddling in the election
Once again the media are blaming the messenger instead of dealing with Islamic violence.
